If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What are you most afraid of?
What is your favorite vacation?
What really makes you angry?
What do you like most about your work?
What are you most dissatisfied with in your work?
What makes you laugh the most?
If you could choose to do anything during the day, what would it be?
What is your favorite game or sport?
Would you prefer to go for a walk in the park or to a bar?
If you could only eat one dish all your life, what would it be?
Have you ever had nicknames? Which ones?
How would your friends describe you?
Except from the things of basic necessities, what other things can you not live without all day?
How many pairs of shoes do you have?
How many pillows do you sleep on?
Would you choose intelligence or appearance?
How often do you buy clothes?
Have you ever had a secret admirer?
What kind of kitchen appliance do you use every day?
What is your favorite food?
Do you collect anything?
Are you an introvert or an extrovert?
It's a beautiful day, isn't it?
Can you imagine how rainy the weather is?
We couldn't have imagined a more pleasant day, couldn't we?
How do you like this weather?
Are you waiting for the weekend?
Have you been working here long?
It's hard to believe how noisy we are today, isn't it?
It's been a long week, hasn't it?
It looks like you need a cup of coffee.
Shall we go out for a smoke?
I like your dress.
Looks like you're ready for another drink.
It looks like you're busy up to your ears.
The most difficult thing is to start acting, everything else depends only on perseverance.
We must love life more than the meaning of life.
Life is what happens to you while you are making plans.
It is always worth starting with something that sows doubts.
Real responsibility is only personal.
An unintelligent life is not worth living.
You will never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
The best revenge is a huge success.
Hi, how are you?
How are you feeling?
I was offended!
I want to eat. Let's go somewhere?
Sweet dreams!
Let's get acquainted?
Does this hairstyle suit me?
Blondes or brunettes?
Let's go to London?
Sausages or French fries?
Make me breakfast.
Cocaine is bad, isn't it?
Drugs are being sold right under the noses of the police...
Buy yourself some food, stop eating from my refrigerator!
You can't forbid living beautifully. But it should be!
A bee landed on your hand. What will you do?
I want something sweet!
Stop singing in the bathroom!!!
Can we go to the bar?
Shall we go somewhere?
Do you miss someone?
Do you have any friends?
How long are you planning to work?
Am I beautiful?
Do you have a lot of free time?
Ideological considerations of the highest order, as well as the further development of various forms of activity, allow us to assess the significance of new proposals.
Comrades! consultation with a broad asset allows you to perform important tasks for the development of mass participation systems.
I didn't get enough sleep. Will you make some coffee?
When we are young, we are looking for a beautiful body - over the years, a soul mate.
On the other hand, the strengthening and development of the structure ensures participation in the formation of mass participation systems.
Thus, the implementation of the planned planned tasks allows you to evaluate the value of new proposals.
The significance of these problems is so obvious that the further development of various forms of activity provides a wide range of (specialists) participation in the formation of new proposals.
Dear friends, does the beginning of daily work on the formation of a position require us to analyze the directions of progressive development?
Similarly, the constant quantitative growth and the scope of our activity requires the definition and clarification of the positions taken by the participants in relation to the tasks set!
Everyday practice shows that the constant information and technical support of our activities ensures the relevance of the positions taken by the participants in relation to the tasks set!
Considerations of the highest order, as well as the scope and place of training of personnel directly depends on the further directions of the project development?
On the other hand, the course towards a socially-oriented national project directly depends on the existing financial and administrative conditions! The
US and Germany have agreed on gas supplies.
The Netherlands women's national team scored 10 goals against Zambia at the Olympic football tournament.
About 950 people will visit the stands of the stadium during the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games in Tokyo.
Which of the presidents' wives stormed the glossy covers?
The ruble has again become one of the most undervalued currencies in the world according to the big Mac index.
A street film festival will be held in Paris.
He dived and disappeared: what are wormholes and why they have not been found yet.
The exchange offered the oil products market a balancing mechanism.
Experts reduce forecasts for grain exports from the United States.
Bezos has sold millions of dollars' worth of tickets to space.
It looks like it's going to rain.
I heard there will be storms this weekend.
Where are you going for the weekend?
What's your favorite color?
The bus will arrive soon?
Friends, let's live together.
I'm sorry you're leaving. I will miss you.
Help me with the cleaning.
Those who have lived and thought cannot but despise people in their hearts.