Oh my god. This is huge. This is bigger than huge. This is like, all right, what's bigger than huge? Yes. 'Cause, you know, if you don't look good, we don't look good. I love that voice. Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it? All right, so what were you thinking? Oh. No. Because, I'm just, I'm incredibly anal and an unbelievable control freak. I know I'm not, but you are, and I was trying to spare your feelings. I'm still on "no". What's goin' on? Ewww! Where? Hey, hey Ross. Ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass. All right. Ok, but, but you have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it. All right. Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing. All right, that's it, I quit. Yeah, but this isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Ok, this is the face of a person who, you know, doesn't trust a person. Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it. Demi Moore. Well, he was a he in Arthur, and in Ten. Oh, oh, oh my god! I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Which one's Demi Moore? Oh, she's got gorgeous hair. It's too soon to tell. She's resting, which is a good sign. I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling. Your hair looks too good, I think it would upset her. Ross, you come on in. Thank you. You wanna do it right now? Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andy McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right? Oh, yeah. Ok, thank you. Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. Oh my god, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him? I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet. Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street. Woof, woof. What? Oh, all right. What did I have? Oh, no wonder I don't feel full. I went shopping with Monica all day, and I had a salad. Um, we went shopping for um, for, fur. Yes, and then I realized I'm against that, and uh, so then we bought some, uh, boobs. Bras! We bought bras! We bought bras. Ben, dinner! Duh, I think I know how to heat breast milk. Ok. I licked my arm, what? So? You won't even taste it? Not even if you just pretend that it's milk? Oh, I tasted Ben's milk, and Ross freaked out. Come on. It doesn't taste bad. You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that. Wait, wait, wait, wait! You name one woman that you broke up with for a real reason. I miss Janice though. "Hello, Chandler Bing." Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles! I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true. Like crop circles, or the Bermuda triangle, or evolution? Nah. Not really. I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy. Yeah, I just don't buy it. Ok, don't get me started on gravity. Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed. Just don't. Look at this funky shirt! Really? You can actually see it? See, I didn't know that. Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why? Maybe the overlords needed them to steer their spacecrafts. Look, can't we just say that you believe in something, and I don't. What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope. He's even kind of cute. I'd call that excessive. Janice? You called Janice? Uh-oh. It's Scary Scientist Man. Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities. Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this? I can't believe you caved. You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry? Ok, I didn't see it, because I was putting on my jacket, but I uh want to believe you. Uh huh. Why is that? Chandler, you called Janice! That's how much you wanted to be with someone! You're there! Well, I mean, I'm not married married, ya know, he's just a friend and he's gay and he's just from Canada and he just needed a green card. I'm sorry Monica but I knew if I told you, you'd get really, like, judgemental and you would not approve. OK, I wasn't in love with him and I was just helping out a friend. I might have. Oh, c'mon, like you tell me everything. Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace. You have a third nipple? Yeah, is there a hair on it? Um, I'm gonna go meet Duncan, he's skating tonight at the Garden, he's in the Capades. OK, no. For your information I'm going to see him so I can put all those feeling behind me. OK, and the reason I'm dressed like this is because I think it's nice to look nice for your gay husband. Hi. Ta-da. Hi. Do I? Thank you, so do you. Sparkly. So, wow, this is pretty wonerful, huh. Mr. major capades guy. I, I remember when you were just, like, King Friday in Mr. Roger's Ice is Nice. Yeah, well, ya know, I'm kind of spooky that way. Wooo. OK. Oh, right, OK. Ole. Um, the matador. Ole, ha ha ha. So um, so what's up, you came to see me yesterday. Ohh. . .K. How come? What? Huuh. I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties. So how long have you known? And um, and there's actually a, a woman? Oh. Well is she, is she the first that you've been with? Sure. I, I don't know what to say. I mean, you know, you're married to someone for six years and you think you know him and then one day says, 'Oh, I'm not gay.' Why couldn't you have just figured this out six years ago? So, um, have you told your parents? Here you go. You know what, I just have one more question, um, if you had figured this out sooner and um, I had been around, do you think that I would have been the one who. . . no, um, I'm sorry, don't tell me, I don't think either answer would make me feel better. So your brother's straight huh? Seriously. Um, is, is there any chance that you're rounding up? You know, like from, like 20? It's Ross. Can you believe how much this is gonna cost? Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross. Let's see! Wow, look at these prices. Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup, and, um, take care. No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen. I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just... Not for you. Fine. All right, fine. Well, then...Let's. No, now I feel bad. You wanna go to the concert. Yeah. Oh, it's like a skit. Cool. So...Thank you. Actually, it makes us feel that big. I'm just gonna pass on the concert, 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now. Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats, you know, for all your tiaras and stuff. Fine. Ok. One. We just have to really, really, really, not let stuff like money get--is that a hickey? Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, "hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck". Oh. Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in the shower. I'm in the shower and I'm writing a song. Stop me if you've heard it. My skin is soapy, and my hair is wet, and Tegrin spelled backward is Nirget. Lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, and lather, rinse, repeat, as needed. But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, you can't just erase chalk. And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and like a, you know, gold stick with a ball on top. Yeah, ok. You probably did everything you could. Really? Oh! Oh my god. This is so exciting. How much am I gonna get? Well you said that he's paying the people who are playing. Well, I'm not gonna be the only one who's not getting paid. No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. When I play, I play for me, I don't need your charity. Thank you! La la la la la la la.... ... with the double double double-jointed boy. Hey. So um, are you the professional guitar player? Right. My name was on there, but now it just says "carrot cake" So, um, so um, how many chords do you know? Oh yeah, so you know D? Ok, do you know A minor? Ok, do you know how to go from D to A minor? Ok. Um, so does your guitar have a strap? Oh. Mine does. Stephanie knows all the chords. Terry's a jerk, and he won't let me work, and I hate Central Perk! You're all invited to bite me! Oh, hi. Thank you. Eight dollars and 27 cents. But not really, 'cause I put in the first two, just to, you know, get the ball rolling, and to make myself feel better. No. This whole like playing-for-money thing is so not good for me. You know, I don't know, when I sang "Su-Su-Suicide", I got a dollar seventy-five. But then, "Smelly Cat", I got 25 cents and a condom. So you know, now I just feel really bad for Smelly Cat. It's not even that. I used to do my songs because it made me happy, but now it's like, it's just all about the money. Really? From who? Yeah. Here you go. No, no, no. I'm sorry. It's "smelly cat, smel-ly cat". Better. Yeah. Yeah, much better. And you know what, don't feel bad, because it's a hard song. You wanna try it again? Ok, there is no top. That's the beauty of Smelly Cat. Um, why don't you just follow me? Mmmm hmmm. That's too much. Sorry. No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every time I put on a little weight, I start questioning everyting. No, not wieght, ya know, more like insulation. Your boobs are fine. Look, I never should have said anything. Come here. Come here. Oh, can't make hands meet. Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champange, nice. Nope, zilch, nothin', uh-uh. Look, I, ya know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, ya know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up? No, whad'ya mean. He's not British.j Oohh, um, no I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like, definitely felt something. No, I felt it on my hip, you could tell. Ooh, oh, Rachel, don't look. So, I figured it out. Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough. Really? That's so sweet. I mean, I'm officially offended but, sweet. You're right, you're right. Ah, you are so yumm. Hey Joey. How come your watching a rabbi play electric guitar? So, Scott asked me to come over for lunch today and I did. And we did. Yay me. Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on. He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I would gonna get all, ya know, like, ohh, is he gonna call me the next day and, ya know, where is this going and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious. Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," ya know, I mean sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, ya know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking. . . I convinced him. Um-hum. Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does this end well or do we need to get tissues? Oh. Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing? Ok, so, ok, was he holding you? Or was his hand like on your back? Wow. What are you gonna use it for? Hey, oh, so, um...how'd you make out last night? Oh, well, actually. Ok, all right. Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night". There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide! It's not, it's not very Thanksgiving-y. What makes it pilgrim? No offense, but that sounds nothing like her. Oh, oh sweet lord! This is what evil must taste like! I, I cannot believe Ross even made this list. What a dinkus. What were you thinking? Yeah, by the way, good luck in your next life as a dung beetle. Oh, thanks. I couldn't uh... Um, no, huh-uh. One of my clients died on the massage table today. Yeah, um, she was 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs. Adelman. Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far. I think it went into me. Talk about crap. Try listening to Stella Niedman tell the story of her and Rod Steiger for the hundredth time. I don't know. I mean, she obviously has some kind of unfinished business. Sit up! I know who it is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales. I don't know. Who's Soupy Sales? In my day, divorce was not an option. That's him. Yes, hi, Mr. Adelman. Thanks for meeting me. Um, do you wanna sit? I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me. Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around? Everything? Whoa, that's a lot of stuff. I'm sorry, there's laughing in my head. Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty. Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. Oh, such a pretty face. Monica, how did this happen? I thought you had this all planned out. Sir! No sir! Butterscotch? No one? All right, you'll be sorry later. Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go. I miss Rose. I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone. Ok, that's so nice. Yeah, me, too, technically. I can see that, 'cause they both have those big brown eyes and, ya know, the little pouty chin. Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake? Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, pretend like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So everyone just laugh, now. I know, I know. Hello. Hi Rob Dohnen. Oh, wow. Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them. I know. No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their underwear. I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me? OK. OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. Now, grandma's a person who everyone likes, she bought you a train and a bright, shiny bike. But lately she hasn't been coming to dinner, And last time you saw her she looked so much thinner. Now, your mom and your dad said she moved to Peru, but the truth is she died and some day you will too. La-la-la la la-la-la la la-la-la la... There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do. Thank you for coming everybody. There're cookies in the back. Yay, I rock. But. I sense these things. It was either but or butter. I can do that. Yeah. Thinkin' about it. OK, hi again. Today we're gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals. Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo, Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo. Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up, And that's how we get hamburgers. Nooowww, chickens! Fired! Why? I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth? I see. No. What do you, what do you want me to be, like some stupid, big, like, purple dinosaur? Who's Barney. OK, Rachel, I'm ready. Um, yeah I guess that's me. Sometimes men love women, sometimes men love men, and then there are bisexuals, though some just say they're kidding themselves. la la-la-la la-la-la-la-la-la-la... OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you? I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme. Stick a fork what? Oh, OK, I don't eat meat. Well you know, you just, you eat them and you can tell. Oh, you just know. OK, Rachel, why don't you start talking first. Alright Monica, if there is something that you would like to share... OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass. Alright, now I will let go if you both stop. There we go. You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches. Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place? Yes that's right. But still, I-, look at your purse, look at your sweater, look at yourselves. I'm almost done with it, keep your panties on. Oh my God. You know, I think I want to write a song about all this. Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I borrow your G-string? About 20 minutes. I can see that, 'cause they both have those big brown eyes and, ya know, the little pouty chin. Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake? Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, pretend like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So everyone just laugh, now. I know, I know. Hello. Hi Rob Dohnen. Oh, wow. Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them. I know. No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their underwear. I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me? OK. OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. Now, grandma's a person who everyone likes, she bought you a train and a bright, shiny bike. But lately she hasn't been coming to dinner, And last time you saw her she looked so much thinner. Now, your mom and your dad said she moved to Peru, but the truth is she died and some day you will too. La-la-la la la-la-la la la-la-la la... There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do. Thank you for coming everybody. There're cookies in the back. Yay, I rock. But. I sense these things. It was either but or butter. I can do that. Yeah. Thinkin' about it. OK, hi again. Today we're gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals. Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo, Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo. Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up, And that's how we get hamburgers. Nooowww, chickens! Fired! Why? I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth? I see. No. What do you, what do you want me to be, like some stupid, big, like, purple dinosaur? Who's Barney. OK, Rachel, I'm ready. Um, yeah I guess that's me. Sometimes men love women, sometimes men love men, and then there are bisexuals, though some just say they're kidding themselves. la la-la-la la-la-la-la-la-la-la... OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you? I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme. Stick a fork what? Oh, OK, I don't eat meat. Well you know, you just, you eat them and you can tell. Oh, you just know. OK, Rachel, why don't you start talking first. Alright Monica, if there is something that you would like to share... OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass. Alright, now I will let go if you both stop. There we go. You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches. Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place? Yes that's right. But still, I-, look at your purse, look at your sweater, look at yourselves. I'm almost done with it, keep your panties on. Oh my God. You know, I think I want to write a song about all this. Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I borrow your G-string? About 20 minutes. Oh, some guy she met at the movies. Hang in there, it's gonna happen. Because she's your lobster. C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . . So, do you have any other possibilities? What is that sparkly thing? Do you want a refill? OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot babe checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my penis now. It's not that bad. Chandler, Chandler. I think she's OK. Do the claws again. Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay. Hey now you have two. Oh, now you have two. Hey, Mon, what is this? See, he's her lobster. I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up. Hey cool, mine too. OK, I can be a waitress, I can be a waitress. I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a raft and rick'em, la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la. It's James Bond. That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, you stay out there. You are so smitten. Oh, you are so much the smitten kitten. You should ask him out. So. You two are totally into each other. OK, so what, you're just never gonna see him again? Didn't you like, just get your eyes checked? We have got to get you lazy boys out of these chairs. You know you should go outside and be with the three-dimensional people. You guys are so pathetic, I, oh, OH, XANADU! OH. You're not the only one who has a date tonight. Oh you are so lucky. Ooh, look at you fancy lads. What's the occasion? Ahh. Okey-doke. Um, I'm getting a lily for my Mom. 'Cause her name's Lily. I think on my shoulder. Um, a chip. A tattoo, I'm getting a tattoo. No, I think you should tell them. OK Rach, which, which lily? This lily or that lily? I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh. Here we go. You're not going? What? Is it - is this 'cause of what Ross said? I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922? Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo? OK, hey, HEY. Is your boyfriend the boss of you? OK, who is the boss of you?!! No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!! Oh that looks so good, oh I love it. Ahh. OK, let's see yours again. Oh OK. Oh no, oh it's gone, that's so weird, I don't know how-where it went. No. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I know, I know, and I was gonna get it but then he came in with this needle and uh, di-, did you know they do this with needles? Wanna see mine, wanna see mine? OK, well then what is this? OK, that's my tattoo. OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven. I know you're just moving uptown but I'm really gonna miss you. Hey, excellent, excellent water-table thing. Yeah, well me too, yeah. I think that's the challenge. So why don't ya show us the rest of your casa? Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered. Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK. OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, offbeat sound and she wants to do a demo of Smelly Cat. I told you not to do that yet. And, she wants to do a video. I'm not done yet, OK. God. OK, if that goes well, they may even want to make an album. I'm done now. Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back? OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat Oh woah, oh my God. I mean like, who was that? OH!! Oh I thought they were just watching me. You know, like at, like at an aquarium, ya know. OK. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat. Oh OK. So, um, the cat stinks but you love it, let's go. Hey. Oh, check it out, oh check it out. It's Smelly Cat the video. Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video. OK. Oh my God. I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear. Oh, I am sorry but I am incredibly talented. Hey. Listen. You are not going to believe this but, that is not me singing on the video. Yes. Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for someone else to sing for me. That was my first clue. Well, I can't work with people who would do this. I mean this poor woman. The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video. Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those an imals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels. Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Everybody. Monica. Chandler. Rachel. Uh, Ross, those are the only lines we have, sorry. OK, you guys, once more. Hey. Watcha guys doin? Why are you guys so upset? It's Old Yeller, it's a happy movie. C'mon, happy family gets a dog, frontier fun. What when Yeller saves saves the family from the wolf and everyone's happy? Yu-huh. That's when my mother would shut off the TV and say 'The end'. He doesn't have rabies, he has babies. That's what my mom said. What, what's about to happen? I've never seen this part before. Hey, Travis, watcha doin' with that gun? Oh no, no no Travis, put down the gun. No no no no, he he's your buddy, he's your Yeller, no, no no, the end, THE END. Hey. Ok, Love Story, Brian's Song, and Terms of Endearment. Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not show us the ends of sad movies to shield us from the pain and sadness. You know, before she killed herself. Hey. Oh, ok, murder, cancer, soccer teams eating each other in the Andes. Uh huh, what is happening to the world? I mean, no no no, 'cause ET leaves, and and Rocky loses, Charlotte dies. With the web, the spider she dies, she does. She has babies and dies. It's like ya know, hey welcome home from the hospital, thud. Yeah. It's a Wonderful Life. Yes I've heard of this. Please, I almost fell for that with, uh, Pride of the Yankees, I thought I was gonna see a film about Yankee pride and then, boom, the guy gets Lou Gehrig's disease. Phoebe, just watch that, I promise it will resotre all your faith in humanity. Sure. Does it matter? You're ultimately just gonna die or get divorced or have to blow your pets head off. Me too. Hey. Oh thanks for the great movie tip. Oh yeah. You know, I don't know if I was happier when um George Bailey destroyed the family business or um, Donna Reid cried, or when the mean pharmacist made his ear bleed. I didn't watch the ending, I was too depressed. It just kept getting worse and worse, it should have been called, "It's a sucky life and just when you think it can't suck any more it does." Ok, Ben, this is the part where Ernie buries Bert in the sand and can't find him. Now, I've looked ahead on the tape and he does find him again. But, ok, before that happens, there's some pretty rough goin' for a while but I think we can handle it. And, there's just the alphabet but we know that ends well so. Ok, here we go. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Ok, right there. That, that's the third sign today. Right there. No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name. And they were serving franks which is his first name minus the s at the end. And there was a rotisserie with spinning chicken. No because I chickened out the last time when I tried to meet him. So I mean coincidences? I don't think so. Oh, alright, that's it, now I have to go see him. Hamburger. McDonald's. Old MacDonald had a farm, my dad is a pharmacist. Oh God, here we go. For the first time in my life I'm gonna say 'Hi birthfather'. Thanks. Hey, hey, no, oh oh. No no no, doggie please. Oh, I do so wanna love all animals, please no. Look kibbles, bits. Oh God, alright, get the hell off my leg you yippity piece of crap. Ok, alright, we have a problem. Are you crazy? Yeah, I don't know. I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you know. It's just like, I have no family left, ya know. I mean except for my grandmother, you know, but let's face it, she's not gonna be around forever, despite what she says. And I have a sister who I've barely spoken to since we like shared a womb. I don't know, this is my real father and I just, I want things to be like just right. Ok, thanks. Sorry, again What was that? Hey. Ok, I talked to the vet, people are so nice upstate. Anyway, he said that the little fella's gonna be ok and I can pick him up tomorrow. Yeah, but he did have to have a bunch of stitches and he said that only once in a blue moon does a dog's ear grow back so...still hoping. I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.' Ok. Listen, just don't say anything about me, ok. So talk to her. Hi. It was an accident, and, and the woman who did this would never ever hurt a dog on purpose. She's a vegetarian. Yeah, eight of them. That's 56 to him. You know also, if, if it's raining, you can't let him look up too long 'cause that cone'll fill up really really fast. Sure, oh, is, is Frank home. Just from a, from a long time ago. Is he here? Oh, ok, um, I mean Frank senior. Ok so will he be back soon? Alright, I'm, I'm gonna go. I'm sorry about the dog, everything. I'm sorry. Um well I don't really. Just genetically. He's kinda my dad too. Yeah. So um, did he ever talk about me, Phoebe? Oh. Stilts? Wow. I don't know what to do with that. Yeah. I'm not gonna. But you know what's cool though? Ok, if you had a friend named Pete, then I could say, 'Oh yeah, I know Pete, he's friends with my brother.' That'll work too. Yeah, that'd be ok. Ok, I'm in the book. Alright. So um, stilts huh? Ok. Hey nice boobs. Yeah, I agree. Ya know, I think fancy parties are only fun if you're fancy on the inside and I'm just not sure we are. Why not her? I'm sorry, I didn't know. Ok, so I guess we don't invite her parents. Ooh, ooh, did you ask Stacy Roth? Ok, here are the birthday candles. Where's the birthday cake? And because you're both, you know, white women. Ha-ha, that's great, ha-ha. I can't wait to hear the rest of it, ya know, but I really have to go to the bathroom so... Hey, come with me. Yeah, yeah, it'll be like we're gal pals, ya know, like at a restraunt. Oh, it'll be fun, c'mon. Listen if you wanna go, just go. Alright, I can get you out. Shh. In a minute, I'm gonna create a diversion. When I do, walk quickly to the door and don't look back. Oh no, ooh, ooh, did somebody forget to use a coaster? Great, I'm seeing water rings again. Ok, ok, she's taking the trash out so I can get you out of here but it has to be now, she'll be back any minute. No, only the three of you, any more than that and she'll get suspicious. There isn't time. You must leave everything. They'll take care of you next door. Everything you've heard is true. Ok, welcome to the fu-oh. Alright, I'm sorry but these people needed me. They work hard all week, it's Saturday night, they deserve to have a little fun. Go. Oh no, you're not supposed to be here. This is the staging area, you should, it's all wrong, you should leave, ya know, get out. Or perhaps you'd like a creme d'menthe. Oh all right, then I guess we're going back into the hallway. Ok Rachel, make a special flan wish. Hey you guys, you will never guess who's coming to New York. Oh ok, Ryan, that guy I went out with, who's in the Navy. Yeah, I met him when I was playing guitar in Washington Square Park. Ryan threw in salt water taffy 'cause he didn't have any change. No. No, he is my submaring guy. He resurfaces like every couple years and we have the most amazing three days together. Only this time he's coming for two weeks. Two whole weeks, which means yay. Well, I've never had it, I feel so left out. Oh look! Yeah? Are you sure, really. I, I, I'm hideous. Come in. Hey Ryan, what's up? Well, no no, you have to stay back. I, I have the pox. Chicken. Which is so ironic considering I'm a vegetarian. 'Cause my, my grandmother's never had chicken pox. Please, please tell me you have, 'cause oh my God, I forgot how cute you are. Ohh, ohh. Yeah, or you know, you could just wish that I didn't have them now. Nope. You don't want to see a face covered with pox. And you hate fish. Oh. That's so sweet, alright. Ok, alright, you can see. This is me... Oh, I am scary. I hate this. 'Cause I tell you, I had the most amazing two weeks planned for us, and almost everything I had in mind, we had to be a lot closer than this. Ok, this is the most romantic disease I've ever had. That you don't stop talking about it. Let's just play, ok. Good, ok. Here we go, double sixes, here we go... Here we go, come to mama, just getting ready to roll the dice... No. This is what I do for luck, ok. No. No. Here. There. Ooh, double sixes. Uhh, I can't stop thinking about it. It's just so hard. I just wanna grab all these houses and rub 'em all over my body. Give it. Yeah, come on. You know you want it, you know you want it too, come on. Let's just be bad, it'll feel so good. Now do me, do my back. Oh come on, harder. Can I please take these off? I swear I won't scratch. It's such a shame you can't see which finger I'm holding up. Please. I got it. What? Oh. You know what, that's it, that's it. Ok, I'll walk you out. I know. We didn't do any of the romantic things I had planned, like having a picnic at Central Park and ya know, coffee at Central Perk. Oh I just got that. Bye you. Well, come on, who cares what that guy thinks. What does Warren Beatty know about kissing Ooh. All right. I'll do it, I kissed him before I can do it again. Uh-huh, let's go. Oh, wait I have gum. Okay. Good, very good, firm but tender. I'd recommend you to a friend. Oh my God, you look so good! Ooh-oh! Someone's wearing the same clothes they had on last night. Someone get a little action? All right, stop it, you're freaking me out. I think my boyfriend ever so dreamy, I wonder what our wedding's gonna be like. Come on, like you never talk that. Bye, good luck. So how's your date with your cyberchick going. Ooh, hey, what is all that . What does she mean by HH? Are you the cutest? You know, what I think is so great that you are totally into this person and yet for all you know she could be like 90 years old, or have two heads, or. It could be a guy. It could be like a big giant guy. We were just wondering if Chandler's girlfriend is a girl. Okay, ask her 'What is her current method of birth control?' Well at least we know she's a woman. Aren't you gonna answer her, that's like the tenth bing-bong message she sent. She wants to know what's wrong? Oh, my. She wants to meet you in person. What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip. Oh, yeah! Okay! Great! Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her! Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww. No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first. No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much. Chandler, you gotta stop staring at the door. It's like a watched pot, you know if you keep looking at it then the door is to, never gonna boil. I think what you have to do is try not to... 