So, so, is Mike coming to dinner? Actually, um, I was thinking maybe both of us could go. Thanks, I'll put a lot of extra thought into your gift. Alright, we'll just, uh, see you when you get here. Bye. Huh, that was my mom, she's stuck in terrible traffic. Oh, what were the other two? I know, it's the first time, we're leaving the baby and ... hey, I know how hard it is for you, but ... but Emma is gonna be fine. My mom is gonna be with her. She's great with kids. Yeah. Hey, you only heard Monica's side of that. That little fatso was a terror. Rachel, I know that you can. And you should. Really, it would be good for you and in fact, why don't you, why don't you go ahead to the restaurant and I'll wait for my mom, and then I'll meet you there. No, no, really. You should go. Just go! Go! Go out! Really, the world is your oyster. Kick up the heels. Paint the town red. I'm serious. C'mon, you should go. Here. No, uh-uh, just go. No! No, you know what? You're not going back in there, the baby's fine, now scram. Yeah, tell your story walking. Oh, Holy moly, are we in a pickle now. Okay, well the superintendant is not home. Oh-oh, wait, my mother is gonna be here any minute. And she has the keys. I would, but I bruise like a peach. Besides, you know, everything is gonna be fine. The baby's sleeping. Can't hold her own head up, but yeah, jump out. Rach, you did not leave the water running. Please, just pull yourself together, okay? You never cooked since 1996. Oh my god, you know what, yeah, I think you're right. I think .. listen, listen! A pigeon, a pigeon. No, no wait, no, no, an eagle flew in! Landed on the stove and caught fire. The baby, seeing this, jumps across the apartment to the mighty bird's aid. The eagle, however, misconstrues as an act of aggression and grabs the baby in its talons. Meanwhile the faucet fills the apartment with water. Baby and bird still ablaze are locked in a death grip, swirling around in the whirl pool that fills the apartment. Great. So let's get going? Somehow, over time, it got easier to be apart from you. I'm so sorry ... And then Rachel wasn't sure she could leave the baby. What? Thanks. Oh. Y'know this ??? is incredible. Okay, I'll have the fixed salad and the duck. Rach, c'mon, Emma is fine. You're turning into an obsessive mother. Okay, you need to stop. Huh-huh, they already know it! Mommy! Well, I don't think that's us. You know, I think that's a good idea. Our babysitter just pounded down another Chardonnay. Bye, you guys. Thank you. Boy, we uhm... hadn't really thought of that. Oh, come on Rach, we will. I promise. We have more interviews And worse comes to worse, we can always reconsider the uhm... the first one we met with. She was blonde? Just a sec.! Okay, okay. This one's name is Sandy. She's got a degree in early childhood education, uhm... she worked for her last family for three years. And she's a little mannish... Are you gay? So you're just like a... guy who's a nanny? Okay. Yeah, kids say all kinds of crap. Oh, come on, Rach, he's a guy! Because, it's weird! What kind of job is that for a man? A nanny? I-It's like if a woman wanted to be... King? You gotta be at least bi... Is everything allright? And I'm fine never having heard it... Rach, can I... can I see you for a sec? Do you realise that man has cried in our apartment three times...? Huh? I haven't cried that many times since I moved in. Okay, okay, see... that... that is the problem. He is too sensitive. Yeah, I mean, all things that guy... These are amazing! This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What kind of a guy makes... makes... delicate French cookies, huh? They're not even... butch, manly cookies with... with... you know with... with chunks. Hey... there's sensitive... and there is too sensitive. Did Rachel tell you we hired a male nanny? Oh really? Did she tell you he plays the recorder, recites poetry and bakes Madeleines? Lighter than air... But that's not the point. Hey...! Rachel and I hired a male nanny. Thank you! ...a what? A what? What's the end of that sentence? Wow! Science...? Academia...? Being a good father...? Uhm... Rachel and I hired a male nanny. Hey... I made up that joke and told it to you! Yep! That's my thing... Really? Sounded like Three Blind Mice. I swear to God...! Okay, okay... How exactly is a two month old supposed to appreciate puppets? Oh my God! Oh, I'm sorry. Please apologise to Sandy and the Snufflebumps for me. Well, you know what... I-I'm sorry I'm the only one who isn't in love with Gary Poppins out there... But I just... I can't... I can't go through with this. No! Hey, you know what? I'm sorry. I would never force you... to hire someone you were this uncomfortable with... Thank you! Here goes... Sandy... Hi, we uhm... we kinda need to talk. I'm afraid it's not working out. Yeah, uhm... I mean, Rachel and I, think you are great... with Emma... uhm... We just feel... I... just feel that the... the chemistry isn't right. I'm sorry. We're... we're more than happy to give you good recommendation... Anyway, uhm...Well, I'm glad there's no hard feelings. No, you know, it's uhm... nothing you did, it's... it's uhm... my issue. You know, I'm just not uhm... that comfortable with a guy who's as sensitive as you. Why... I... I don't know. Uhm... errrr... maybe... maybe because of my father? I mean, uhm... you know when I was growing up he was kind of a tough guy... You know a-a-and as a kid I wasn't the athlete I am now. I play squash...! Anyway, uhm... I uhm... I always get the feeling he thought I was too sensitive. It was hard... I remember... I was in my bedroom... playing with my dinosaurs... playing and learning... and my father walks in and says... he says... "What are you doing with those things? What's wrong with you, why aren't you... why aren't you outside playing like a... like a real boy? I know I am! ...And when it's summer, and it's hot, why can't you wear a tank top? Here come some more... And that's why, no matter what mommy says, we really were on a break. Hi. Guess what? I made Emma laugh today. Yeah, and it was uhm... it was like a real little person laugh too. It I uhm... Well, I sang... well actually I rapped... Baby But you know what, if you think about it, it actually promotes a Please don't take her away from me! Hey! Oh I know, isn't it? Ooh... what'd you do to get her to laugh? You sang Baby Got Back didn't you? She sweat, wet. got it going like a turbo 'vette. Yeah! Yeah! Hell yeah! Shake it! Shake it! Baby got back (Then Ross turns around and sees their friends standing Rachel please! That is so inappropriate! You're really not coming back? I can't get *enough* dinosaurs! You got me a cola drink? Well this, this is too much, I feel like I should get you Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about Yeah! Years and years ago there were these people called the What are you doing here, Santa? I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent What are you doing? Thank you, but, but you, you gotta leave. Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, I'm sorry Chandler, but this, this is really important to me. Hi guys. Rachel and I are bringing Emma to Ralph Lauren today to introduce her to everyone. Doesn't she look cute? I think she's gonna be the hit of the office, huh? She's gonna be hotter than peasant blouses and A-line skirts. Can I get a blue bow? Yeah, after you punched that one guy who got it wrong, word spread. Good one, Rach. Rach we have a code brown situation. Alright, but you have to do one sometime. What? No, that's illegal. I'm gonna have the labor department down her so fast they won't even... What about Emma? We don't have a nanny. Absolutely. Just give me your breast and we'll be on our way. Fine, fine. We'll have fun, won't we? Yes, we will, yes we will. Huh? So you have to tell Monica you don't want to have a baby right now? Good-bye. Yeah, and I was really hoping that I could hang out. What do you feel like doing? I don't feel like having sex. Maybe we can watch a movie or something. Pants off Bing! Hey. You have a blue tie that would go with this? Emma spit up on mine. Here's an idea. You walk into a room...take a quick scan! You know what? I don't need a tie. I mean, it's better, open collar. You know, it's more casual Hey you guys! Uh, good news everyone, we finally found a nanny. This is Molly . Molly, Chandler, Joey. Ooh, somebody's getting a little fussy. Yeah. Eh, I mean, I mena she's not unattractive but hot? I .... Yeah, obvious beauty's the worst. You know, when it's right there in your face. Me, I like to have to work to find someone attractive. Makes me feel like I earned it. Ok, I'll be home right after work. Ok, by Emma-Wemma-Demma, I love you - wovyou dovyou ... Come on, there are plenty of other women out thereok? Just - just forget about her, ok? Just, she's off limits. What are you, a child? Joey, come on now, for me! Please, just-just try to focus your sexual energy on someone else. Whazzup?? Listen, can you do me a favor? I'm gonna be out today. Can you just keep an eye on Joey, make sure nothing happens between him and Molly? Wh - No. Some woman who sounded a lot like Joey called earlier and asked for her daughter, the "hot nanny". You do appear right on the cusp of something. Come on man, I'm sure he'll lose interest in a week or two, but for now can you please just do this for me? Well we gotta do something, ok? Nannies like her don't grow on trees. I am, yes. Where the hell are Joey and Molly? I asked you to watch them. We have to stop them before something happens! Molly, ah, do you mind giving us just a minute? Thanx. What do you think you're gonna do, have sex with her right here on my couch? Yeah, come on in. Molly? Ok ... Well, uh, Joey, I guess we have no problem. Yeah! Yeah! OK! Sure! Look! Can we...can we talk about what happened here last night? OK you...you really don't know what I am talking about? OK! Last night after the party I saw Rachel kissing that jerk from her office out on your balcony. Right that's why I came over to talk about. Hum...I saw Rachel kissing some guy on your balcony, Why...Why should I? I mean if she wants to move on, that's fine! No I'm serious. I mean she wants to date people? Fine! I don't care but...at least she could have told me. You know I don't know. I mean I have plenty of opportunity. Just just now there were some women at the coffee house smiled at me. Well, and how about this? There is an anthropologist at school who totally came on to me during the inter-departmental Not well. I went on the subway again and someone did sit on my hand but that person was neither female nor wearing pants. That's funny...Do you think you'll ever work again? I can't believe Rachel just moved on and didn't say anything to me No no, about a month ago she gave her number to some guy in a bar. No. When he called, I...I threw the message away. You know what? Enough! Enough talking! I have to get moving! Hey check out those two blondes over there! You don't have to do anything. It will just be easier if it is the two of us, like college, remember? You...you break the Don't you have to be at work? Hum...So...hum...Oh hey I noticed you were reading the paper...another flood in Europe? Here’s a question: "Would you... Hi! I could help not notice, but that's an unusual necklace Right, so that's a firm "no". I cannot believe this, I just keep striking out. This is great. Rachel's gonna keep kissing guys until she finds the one she wants and I'm gonna die alone. I know! But, what’s great is that you don’t mind talking about it. Uh-ah! . Good choice Ross. Oh, yeah, hello, well, now, here I am. Oh, yeah, yeah that’s Michelle. Oh, just this woman I’ve been seeing. Yeah, didn’t I mention that? Yeah, I mean, we haven’t being going out for too long, but rather there is this How great is this? You are already comfortable enough to look through my stuff. Oh, I am sorry Michelle, that’s I told you about my daughter. I told you it wasn’t long, but there is an amazing connection between us. Are you kidding? We’ll see. I don’t know, are we just kissing guys on balconies? Through the magic of sight! I was here, putting our child to sleep... When I happened to look through the window and I see you kissing a guy you know, for what? A week? Ok, Michelle, it’s time to go. Ok. You know, if it’s meant to be, I’ll guess it. Bye, bye. Oh, I am sorry, did you not like her, because I was hoping that we could come to one of your kissing parties on Oh, really! Oh, really! What about the guy from the bar? The guy you gave your number to. Because he called here looking for you. So don’t tell me this...this kissing this guy from work is a one time thing, What? Because I folded it up and put in my pants pocket. Do you...do you not look there? I never gave it to you. I don’t know. Who am I? I am the guy who’s taking care of our baby while you’re out at bars meeting guys! None of the sane ones wanted to come back with me! That’s not the point. Ok? The point is you...you are the one Uh, clearly. Yeah, maybe not. So what you wanna do? Hey, you're not naked! So hey, Rach, when will we expect to see you tonight? Bye! Hey, I hope Emma isn't making it too hard on you. Yeah? Yeah, that'll do it. I'm, I'm okay. Sure, I mean, do I wish me and Rachel living together would have worked out? Of course. You know, I'm disappointed, but it's not like it's a divorce. No, it's not a divorce, it is not a divorce! Anyway, I think Rachel and I need to, you know, get on with our lives, maybe, maybe start seeing other people. Yeah, sure, why not? In fact, if you know anyone that would be good for me... Yeah? Any names come to mind? Excuse me, is there a woman waiting at the bar? Someone average height, dark hair, perhaps doing a puzzle? Well, if I'm still here in an hour, buy him a drink on me. Nah, I don't know if I should. I don't wanna be drunk when I go home alone. Yeah, it's no big deal. It's just a blind date. No! Eh, if it was meant to be, it's meant to be. Wow, free crab cakes. Well, that's nice. Although I was hoping to have sex tonight. Just the crab cakes. What's - what's going on? What? You - you're making money off my misery? This is unbelievable. I - I have never been so insulted in my life. Now, if you'll wrap up my free crab cakes, I'll be on my way. Hey, what's wrong? Oh. Crab cake? Well, what happened? Monica told me you had a blind date. I did, too. But is it technically a date if the other person doesn't show up? Why does everyone keep saying that? That bad? Female body inspector? What size is that? The first date we've had in months, and they were both such disasters. Wait a minute; you don't think it was intentional? I mean, that's just stupid. So, uh, what kinda stuff do you think they'll have you do there? You know, if I didn't already have a job, I think, I would have been really good in advertising. Yes, I did, I did! I should have written it down! Oh, I can't. I've got a date with that waitress, Katy, yeah, I know we've been only going out like twice, but I have a really good feeling about her. What? O-ok. Just relax, Phoene, just stay calm. . Oh my god, I can't find my wallet. What do you mean "no"? I knew you'd be my death, Phoebe Buffay. Yeah, a real pleasure. Oh my god. Phoebe, you used to mug people? Hey, you'll never guess what just happened… Phoebe and I got mugged! Yah, because Phoebe knew the mugger! You wanna know how she knew him? Because Phoebe used to mug people. Well, anyway, it was a good thing Phoebe knew the knew him, because I was about to do some serious damage! Yeah, it was pretty traumatic. I was outside St. Marc's Comics… you know, I-I-I was just there minding my own business, you know, seeing what kinda trouble spiderman got into that week- Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for someone… … when outta nowhere this thug with a pipe jumps out and says: "Gimme your money, punk!" I know! And-and the worst part was they took my backpack which had all the original artwork I had done for my own comic book: "Science Boy" A superhuman thirst for knowledge. Well, I-I better get to class Are there any more of your friends I should look out for on my way, Phoebe? Hey! No one ever asked me that, what's wrong? Oh… Well, uhm, there was actually a rather lively discussion about the Pleistocene… Wh-What are you talking about? It wasn't a girl. It was this huge dude. No, it wasn't. No, it wasn't. You don't think I would've defended myself against a fourteen year-old… Oh my god, it was you! I can't believe it, you… you mugged me? It's not the best! There's nothing you can say. That was the most humiliating thing that ever happened to me. Hey, let's not do this! Sure, go ahead. Whoops, sorry, sure, go ahead. Oh my god, crap from the street? Oh my god. I never thought I'd see this again. It's all here. What made you save it all these years? You really thought "Science Boy" was worth saving! Still… this is amazing… Oh my god, thank you, Phoebe. You're welcome. Hey, uhm, Phoebe didn't by any chance mention that… I see. You didn't happen to tell… Great. Thanks! I can't believe you guys are moving in together. That's, that's great! I mean...I'm happy for you guys.. Phoebe, I had no idea you were so conventional. Hey! Oh great now you're seeking me out to make jokes? I mean I can see for all hanging out but to come to my home! Why? Never? wow, are you still going to move in with him? Yeah, marriage... stinks! I mean if you wanna see a man gain weight and a woman stop shaving? Get them married. No, I'm sorry. Look I don't think that's what you wanna hear right now but I can't help it. I love marriage. If you have to call me name, I prefer "Ross the Divorcer". It's just cooler. Look, I know my marriage isn't exactly work out. But I love to be that committed to another person. And Carol had some good times before she became a lesbian... and once afterward. I'm sorry. But come on! I mean living together will be great! I mean you guys have so much fun and you love Mike. Yeah see? And you are so excited about moving in together before, and you know what? You should be. It's a big deal! The Divorcer, to the rescue! Yeah I just hurt it. Hey! What do you guys think about this. "Ross: The Divorce-Force". Hey Pheebs, you know I'm i'm really glad you came to talk to me the other day and I hope I was a little helpful. Good, good. Yeah coz the more I thought about it, the more I realised I don't think marriage is neccessarily the right path for you. Well, I know the other day in the coffeehouse you were caught up in the whole soccer mom thing? but is that really you? I mean can you honestly picture yourself in a Volvo? I don't know you'd be so bored with marriage. I mean it's so... normal. Hey hey, can I help? You know sometimes your words... they hurt. Oh yeah, let me just finish this. Have you seen this? It's a new alumni website for college! It's cool! You can post messages for people, let everyone know what you're up to. It's actually kinda interesting to find out what people are doing... remember Andrea Rich? Uh uh... well, her Internet Company went under and she lost an ear in a boating accident... No... I already e-mailed her. You know what? I'm gonna finish this later, ok? Let me just grab my coat. What do you think you learned how to do in the last two minutes?? Alright, let's go! I think you made it clear you cannot be trusted with the ball inside the house! I have sex with dinosaurs?? That only is not funny, it's physically impossible! Ok? Depending on the species I'd have to have a six foot long... It's not funny!! I can't believe you put that on my alumni page! You'd better hope not because I just read what you put on your page today. Oh oh oh! I RESPECTFULLY DISAGREE!! I'm dead? Posting that I died? That really isn't funny. Oh please, hit by a blimp? Unbelievable, my classmates are gonna think I'm dead, my professors, my... my parents are gonna get phone calls. You're messing with people's feelings here. You've really crossed the line here, but that's okay, it's ok 'cause I'm on my way to buy some Photoshop software and a stack of gay porn. That's right! Your coming out is about to get real graphic. uhu uhu, check this out. Eh..actually no, I don't need to because your little "Ross is dead" joke didn't work, ok, there were no responses. Nobody posted anything on the website, nobody called my parents, so the joke my friend is on you. Nobody called, nobody wrote anything, nobody cares that I'm dead. Oh my God! Nobody cares that I'm dead!? What are you talking about? You get sixty responses just for coming out of the closet! I didn't get one response! And I'm dead! I can't believe this. Not even my geology lab partner? And I carried that guy! You're right. There isn't a decent outlet. Exactly!! No! That would be stupid! You're having it for me! oh, too late, too late! It's sent... oops sorry and so is the picture of you and the police man... It's been an hour and not one of my classmates has shown up! I tell you, when I actually die some people are gonna get seriously haunted! Ok, ok! I'm gonna go hide! Oh, this is so exciting, my first mourner! Who is he? I don't remember him, but then again I touched so many lives. I'm dead and no one cares? It isn't ridiculous, look around! No one's here! Yes, you're right. Still somebody must have seen it... I mean, I went to that school for 4 years, I didn't have an impact on anyone? Yeah... But you didn't! I'm still alive!! Kori, I know this is a big surprise for you. It's a long story but the things you just said really made my day! I mean, the fact that you are here means more to me than if this room were filled with people! Did you hear that? Kori Weston had a crush on me!! No thanks! Uh...sure I do, and I also wanna be King of my own country and find out what happened to Amelia Earhart. The woman just vanished! No! Do you know what your odds are of winning the lottery? I...I mean you have a better chance of being struck by lightning 42 times. Seriously you guys, I can't believe you're going to spend 250 dollars on the lottery, I mean that's such a bunch of boohaki. Oh oh, we think Emma is about to start talking so we're trying to be careful about what words we use in front of her. They're towing your car, they're towing your car!! They're towing a car. And I am seeing...spots. Yeah, uh... and then I figured after you win, we could all go out to the balcony and see a night rainbow with gremlins dancing on top of it! Think he washed his hands? Yeah if only it were a sure thing like your 24 state lottery! A psychic AND a wishbone? Guys! Give someone else a chance! You know what, I'm sure your wish is gonna come true, but, you guys - just in case, maybe a genie will come out if we rub this lamp! Ah!! That thing gets hot!! Uh, you're not gonna win. Ok, I've heard myself on tape and I sound nothing like that. Why would I eat my own arm? Why? You don't have to do that, I'll pay for myself. But just the fact that you want me to have fun with you guys - that's so sweet! Come here I don't know, probably just invest it. Oh, I'm sorry, did I say "invest it"? I meant "be cool and piss it all away" Uh, how long until they announce the numbers, Mommy? Oh, I've gotten into the habit of calling Rachel "Mommy" when we're around Emma. Which I now realize we are not ... Although if we're gonna do that, we should probably call me "Daddy" too. I ... I was just talking about Rachel. Well that depends ... have you been a baaad gi .. no I can't. I can't believe this, I thought we were all in this together! 3 minutes ago!!! I don't know why that's important ... Than I want mine, too ! And if I win I'm gonna put it all into a very low-yield bond. Hey, hey!! Monica! Go, go, go!! Weird.. your psychic didn't mention anything about the scary pigeon... Oh yeah, it's a good idea! Goodnight sweetheart! I love you. And remember, you're daddy's little girl... Phoebe's totally ruined that for me... Oh, we have one too!! Come on!! Oh yeah, no no no...that's great! Oh, Rach...oh..."gleba" is not a word. Okay, what does it mean? I'm just, I'm just glad I didn't miss my daughter's first words . Yes you did, gleba is a word! Ok, use it in a sentence. It's not a word! Oh, oh, ok, great. You know what, while you're at it she said another word the other day, why don't you, why don't you look up: pbbqqt.... She's gonna be a scientist! Me too. So much for my dinosaur/Amelia Earhart theme park. Phoebe, you don't have any of the first five numbers. I guess if everybody else is... Hi! I'd love to! Phoebe, what happened? Oh, don't worry about it! Just use your travel insurance. Well, this is what happens when people live on the edge! Uh, don't you think that would be a little weird? I mean, two guys in a romantic inn... I guess... It still seems a little... moonlight boat ride! The big apple! Yeah, I ate all my gifts for everybody. Check again please! Not there. She doesn't know what to say! Totally insane. Dude, let's drive home, we'll hit all the maple candy stores on the way back and if... if they're closed maybe we'll tap a tree and make some ourselves. Dude, don't worry 'bout it! I know how we can make your money back! This is a nice hotel, you know, plenty of amenities, we just load up on those! Like those apples. Instead of taking one, I'm... I take six! C'mon, you get the idea, ow-ow-ow we'll make our money back in no time! I think it's the sugar, could you hold the apple? Hi, this is Ross Geller in suite 206. It seems you forgot a couple of things. Could you have some complimentary toiletries sent up to my room? Thank you! Ok. Toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, mouthwash, deodorant, dental floss, band aids, shaving cream, after shave... and I feel like I am forgetting something... Is there anything else you have that I haven't asked for already? Yeah, go ahead, send up some tampons. What did you get? Nice, put it with the others. We are four short of a bush-o . God I feel so alive, I love being in the country! Oh, that's not cool. No, Chandler, you have to find the line between stealing and taking what the hotel owes you. For example: hair drier, no, no, no, but shampoo and conditioners, yes, yes, yes. Now, the salt shaker is off-limits, but the salt I wish I'd thought this through. Not my first time in a hotel, my friend. No, no, no, you can't take the remote control! Let's celebrate with some maple candy! At least tell me where you hid it. Oh dude, don't worry about it, I found an unattended maid's car. We're way ahead of the game. Oh my god. There's something new in the bowl. No, but I want... I want the pinecones! It's not the same. Thank you for a delightful stay. Oh, my maple candy! Hi you guys! what's going on, you... you guys wanna hang out... or... ? do you... do you guys hear a buzzing? Yeah, it does sound interesting, I mean, to listen to a woman complain for two hours, I don't think it gets bett... What? How come that you don't have to go! Hey! Hey, you guys won't believe what I have to do for work today. There're these two professors who are joining my department and I have to meet them here and show them around campus. It's I just know they're gonna be a couple of windbags wearing tweed jackets with suede elbow patches. These aren't suede. Hi, hi, I'm Ross Geller. Oh, oh, that's, that's, that's nice. Oh, no, it's no big deal, I mean, if I weren't doing this I'd just, you know, be at the gym working out. Oh, ha, I wrote that in one minute. We should probably get going, you know, we got a lot of ground to cover. I don't think so. Oh, well he's obviously late and the rule in my class is "if you can't come on time, then don't come at all". An option that many of my students use. Shall we? You know what, he's a big boy, I'm sure he'll find us, ok? Oh, damn it! So, where did you get your undergraduate degree? Oh, it's not over! So basically all nuts? I've lost the will to live. What? Oh... ok, fine. But... ehm... I just have one question for you, ehm... When we exit should we walk, or run, or prance, or stroll... Oh, hey you guys! This is Charlie! Charlie, this is Phoebe and my sister, Monica. Yeah, Charlie is gonna be joining my department. Ranion's theory of species variegation? Oh my God, she's great! I mean, we-we have so much in common and she's just cool, and funny... Really? Wh-what's wrong? I'm sorry, Rachel, this is Charlie Wealer, she's a collegue. Wh-what's going on? No, I arranged that... So, eh... it's probably gonna be hard for you to leave Boston, huh? Ooh... so sad... Still, it can't be easy for you to leave Harvard? Especially after working alongside a Nobel Prize winner like Albert Wintermeyer? You... you dated Albert Wintermeyer? ... And you called him Alby!? I mean that's like... like calling Albert Einstein... er... Alby... Eh, you think? I mean, you went out with a guy who improved the accuracy of radiocarbon dating by a factor of 10! Oh! like what?! Oh I'm sorry, I don't mean to pry... it's just that this must be what regular people experience when they watch "Access Hollywood". Who is intimidating to a guy who won the Nobel Prize? Two? Wha...? Don't tell me you dated Benjamin Hobart Oh my God! Have you ever been in a relationship with someone who hasn't won the Nobel Prize? Oh yeah? no, no Nobel Prizes for him? Huh... huh... what a loser! Some more wine? Oh Great! After I finish my wine I'm going to blow my... eh. average-sized brains out. She... she only dates geniuses and Nobel Prize winners. Oh my God, at the chinese restaurant earlier today, I put chopsticks in my mouth and pretented to be a woolly mammoth. Of course you would, your brains are smaller than mine!! Man, I can't compete with the guys she goes out with, they are so out of my league! oh my God! Oh much, much worse. I did my impression of Joan Rivers as one of the earliest amphibians... "Can we walk"? Oh, you... you like that? What? Nice to meet you. Oh, I'm no actor, I'm a professor of palaeontology. Oh, well no, but I mean, she only goes out with really, really smart guys. I'd lead with that. It's actually a $1,000,000 prize. Yeah, maybe. I do have my whole career in front of me. I mean, I can still win a Nobel prize. Although the last two papers I've written were widely discredited. And sexy. Yeah, you're right, thanks Pheebs, I'm gonna go find her. Stop going through my stuff ! Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere? I'm smarter than him! Hey, you guys! Guess who's up for keynote speaker at the National Paleontology Conference? Yeah, right! What was last time he met a submission deadline for an abstract Well, why are you laughing? Professor Sherman, yeah. I've a meeting with him today. Yeah, well... I think I know how to dazzle him. Tsz... NO! . Wait a minute, you guys. Oh, I wanna ask you something. I-I I may get to speak at this paleontology convention and if I do, I'd love for you guys to come and hear me. It's in Barbados. So-so what did the doctor say? How do you feel about all this? What? What? NO! I am not going to give them Ben! The data we are receiving from MRI scans and DNA testing of these fossils are - are staggering. I mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given, but if they're off by even a hundred thousand years or so then you can - you can just throw most of our assumptions, you know, right in the trash. So-so what I am saying is - is is that is that the repercussions could be huge! I mean, not just in palaeontology, but if-if you think about it, in evolutionary biology, uh, genetics, geology, uh, I mean, truly the mind boggles! Oh, that's not what you want... Joey! Hey, I need to talk to Charlie. Is she there? I'm meeting with professor Sherman about my being the keynote speaker... It could be better! He, uhm... he fell asleep! Barbados. What am I supposed to do? He's out cold! In fact he was just talking in his sleep before and evidently he wants someone named Fran to spank him harder. I can't! If he realizes that I'm the one that put him to sleep, I won't get the job! Oh my God! You really want me to be the keynote speaker? Thank you! Oh, that's right! Daddy and uncle Joey are going on a trip today. We're going to a conference in Barbados, right? Can you say Barbados? Ok, I gotta say. I mean, it means so much to me that you guys are coming all the way over there to hear me do my speech! UH! And I've a surprise, uh... I had to pull some strings but I was able to get everyone passes to the entire conference! That's right! This babies will get you into all the paleontology lectures and seminars. Oh, right, because he's a scientist! Ok, we gotta go, yeah? So, we'll see you guys tomorrow. It's a blanket Joe, not a cloak of invisibility! Look at all these paleontologists!! Wow! This is very flattering, uh... Uh, uh... Sure! Um... "Dear..." "... Sarah. I dig you", Uh? "Doctor Ross Geller". Yeah, oh and Sarah... I'd like to introduce you to my colleague, uh, Professor Wheeler, a-and this is Joey Tribbiani. Dude, it's just "Days of Our Lives"... there's no the. Hey! You're never going to guess who I just saw downstairs! Yeah, she never misses these conferences! No, I just saw Dr. Kenneth Schwartz! Yeah... what am I going to say to Kenneth Schwartz? Ready to go? Yeah. I'm good, I have dinner plans . Uh, Joe, have you looked outside? By using CT scans and computer imaging we can in a very real way, bring the Mesozoic era into the 21st century. Oh and you know what, it will be even better tomorrow, because I won't be constantly interrupted by Joey checking to see if they put chocolates on my pillow yet. . The chocolates aren't here yet. If you want to check your email, just ask! Wha... what do you mean? What, oh my God. What did you do? Why, why would you open it? What did it say? What... what am I gonna do? My speech is gone, Chandler! NO! I don't!! Yep! I'd like to thank you guys for coming down here to complain about the rain and ruin my career! Yeah, well you should! I mean, nude pictures of Anna Kournikova? I mean, she's never even won a major tournament! Get out! Well, what do you do? I can't believe this. I can't believe this is happening. I have to give the keynote speech tomorrow! Ok? I have to stand up in front of all these people. What am I gonna say? I don't think that your monologue from Star Wars is gonna help me right now, Joe! Wha... what you really think we can do that? Alright, ok, let's do it. Um, I know we start by discussing the shortcomings of carbon dating... um, and then, then I move on to what is clearly the defining moment of the Mesozoic era, the breakup of Pangea, hello! And then, there's the... eh... there's the overview of the Triassic. Yeah, that's it? Oh my God, we did it! Yes, but I did make a pyramid out of the bath products. This is amazing, thank you, thank you so much. That's a pretty necklace. Hey, what do you say we celebrate? Champagne? Oh my God, I love you. That's Ben, my son from my first marriage. Yeah. No. Oh, it was... it's complicated, you know? She... she was... eh... gay. Ok, odd thing to get excited about! Hey! High-five! My wife had a workout friend she went to the gym with everyday for a year. She didn't get any fitter. I know! It's like, if you knew, why didn't you tell me, you know? I mean, call, or leave a note: "Hi, I just dropped by to say your wife's gay" And then, you try to make the best of a bad situation, so you float the idea of a threesome? Me neither. Yep, we got it, we got it. Thank you so much. Good night. Walls are pretty thin, guys! Then we have to await the data from recent MRI scans and DNA testing which call into question information gathered from years of simple carbon dating. Finally, factoring the profusion of new species recently discovered: Gigantosaurus, Argentinasaurus... And that's just the herbivores. I'm not even gonna discuss the carnivores, their heads are already too big. Which is ironic considering their stunted cerebral development. But all kidding aside, in much the same way that Homo ergaster is now thought to be a separate species from Homo erectus... ... and while there are certainly vast differences between these Mesozoic fossiles and the example of Homo erectus... ... in a very real way we can bring the Mesozoic era into the 21st century. Thank you! Oh, thanks guys! Oh! Ok... now... now we're just holding hands! Oh, thank you so much! Ok!... All right, thanks! Thank you so much, you guys! Oh, I can't tell you how much it means to me that you were here! Ok!... Uh... excuse me? Yeah? Hey! Well...? Yeah? Oh, I can't tell you how great it was to look at the crowd and see your face! I mean... uh, did you know you were mouthing the words along with me? No, it's ok! Made me feel like a rock star! I'd better not found you naked in my hotel room! Look, I took it too far! Ooh, well. Ah, I kinda have got a lot on my plate right now, not that I wouldn't love a weekend in the country with a strange man. Get Out! Yes, please! So, what's going on? Oh my God, wh-what happened? I knew that was him! Hey, you ok? Oh, professor Clerk we're kind of in the middle of a conversation, here. Ok, gentlemen! Please! Aren't we a little old for this? I mean, we're scientists, right? We're academics. And most importantly I... you-you will have to catch us first. . GO, GO, GO! Hi. Yeah. The bartender said that they split up into two search parties, the herbivores and the carnivores. You know, we as a group are not the coolest. I don't think they saw us. Oh. Can I... can I ask who? I think I know too but I've been really wrong about this stuff in the past, so... I'm sorry... we... we can't. I mean, you just went out with my best friend, and I just think it'd be a really really bad idea. Or-or not! 