So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece? Sounds like a date to me. Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realise I am totally naked. Then I look down, and I realise there's a phone, there. That's right. All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. And it turns out it's my mother, which is very weird, because she never calls me! Cookie? Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian. Did I say that out loud? And I just want a million dollars! Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants. Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound. Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment. I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it? Yes, and we're very excited about it. I have no idea. All finished! Oh, man. Stay out of my freezer! That is amazing. Hi, Paul, is it? All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,, it doesn't make much of a difference. 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.' You're right, I'm sorry. 'Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy.' And yet you're surprisingly upbeat. Oh, how well you know me. Did you make it, or are you just serving it? Kids, new dream. I'm in Las Vegas. I'm Liza Minelli. Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out. The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic, basically just trying to stay awake. Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding. Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and, now I wish I was dead. Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow. Ew, ew, ew, ew ew! Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster! You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days. Dinah? Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne. Boys? We're going in. Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon? I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job is done. What does she do? Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who, my parents actually preferred. I dunno, but. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise. Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'. Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm. So how does it feel knowing you're about to die? Hey, that was really good! Okay. So. Whaddya want from me, Damone, huh? Smoke away. I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone. Relax your hand! Not so much! Hey! Alright, now try taking a puff. Alright, okay. No. Give it to me. It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here. Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete. Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. Oh, my. God. Oh, Satan's minions at work again. I'm smoking. I'm smoking, I'm smoking. And this is my reward! Okay, so this time I won't quit! All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out. What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy! Sorry. Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhof impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right? Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball. I personally could have a gallon of Alan. Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five? Hey, this is so unfair! So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing?. I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this? Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it. Really? He does? Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big-.well, that's true, Gee, y'know, no-one no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks! Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too. Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong? Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now. Oh, she's sorry! I feel better! That's it. I'm getting cigarettes. I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke! Yeah, alright. Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd, make myself omnipotent forever. You got waaaay too much free time. Happy birthday, pal! Well, aren't we Mr. The glass is half empty. Eleven days before Hallowe'en, all the good costumes are gone? C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, huh? huh? huh? I have no idea. You got it. Oh, this is not that bad. Poulet passes it up to Leech! We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes. Yes, Bunny? Could've been a peach. What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans? See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks. He's open! Hey, look, we're on that TV thing! 'Scuse me. Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room. Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad. I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her. Ba-! Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part Could I get some painkillers over here, please? Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women? Then what? So in your whole life, you've only been with one -oh. I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic. No, you kidding? The guy's a freak. Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight. You gotta do it, man. Thanks. Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people. Alright. Yes, this is Rachel. To the left, to the left aww! You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom. Ross, ten o'clock. No, ten o'clock. There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock! She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men! Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.' Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here. Thank you, buddy. Y'think? Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this. I'm very very aware of my tongue. Here goes. Hi, um, okay, next word, would be. Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh, hi. Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh, would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight. She said yes! She said yes! Awful play, man. Whoah. Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you. Hey, kids. Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went. It was unbelievable. II've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army. Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn, just for the hell of it. We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening, more or less. Oh, I'm sorry, so 'we' is? Who's Rick? Oh, so you're divorced? Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?. Hopefully? So tell me, how do how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?. Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket? Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan? So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend? Hm. What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story? Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy! Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that. Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out. Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood. Oh no, it's terrific, it's it's y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness. Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone. C'mon, we're roommates! My eyes! My eyes! Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast. Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know. No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every single second is like that with Aurora, and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh. Monica, can you help me with the door? God, I love these fingers. No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are. Oh no nonononononnononono, don't go. Don't go. Too bad, she's leaving. Well, I thought I thought you talked to Rick. What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you! I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but And Andrew is? Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself? Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us. You. Nono, just you. Lose the other guys. C'mon, we're great together, why not? Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device. And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!' I don't know, II have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish. The second guy. Sorry, the first guy runs the lips. 'Big guy'? Something so sweet and, disturbing about that. What? Oh great! This is just. GREAT! Oh my God, it s her, it s that Victoria s Secret model, something, something Goodacre. She s right it s Jill, Jill Goodacre. Oh my God I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre, is it a vestibule? Maybe it s an atrium, oh yeah, that is the part to focus on you idiot! Jill says vestibule, I m going with vestibule. Oh, some guy. I m some guy. Hey Jill I saw you with some guy last night, yes he was SOME guy. Alright, alright, alright it s been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word, oh God do something, just make contact, smile. There ya go. You re definitely scaring her. Yeah, bout three hundred guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks. Hey it s me. Yeah, I m fine. I m trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre. I m trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Good-acre! Put Joey on the phone! I m trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill WOODACREAAH! Yeah, like that thought never entered my mind. Oh is it sugarless? Oh,then no thanks. What the hell was that, mental note if Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it, if she offers you mangled animal carcass you take it! You know on second thoughts gum would be perfection! Gum would be perfection, GUM would be perfection, coulda said gum would be nice, could of said I ll have a stick, but no no no no for me, GUM is PERFECTION!'. I loathe my-self. What next?. I know, blow a bubble, a bubbles good, it s got a boyish charm, it s impish! here we go. Nice goin IMP. Ok, ok It s, It s ok, all I need to do is reach over and put it back in my mouth, Good save! We re back on track and I m, chewing some elses gum! This is not my gum! OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!, and now your choking! Caac. Caac. Err. Hurr. Eh hur, yes, Thank you, that was, that was. Tayeah! Ok. Er, hum! Yes! Yes! Thanks for er, letting me use your phone er, and for saving my life. Hi, erm, I m account number 7143457 and er, I don t know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape. Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights, does it get better than this? Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'. Yes please. He's a he? Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that? You did? Huh. Did, uh, any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me? You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't? Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me? Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him? WHAT IS IT?! Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this. I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair? Hey, gorgeous. No, nono, don't don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake. So, uh, what do you think it is about me? Quality, right, great. Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with? Well, yeah. 's'no Brian in Payroll. No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him. Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. I'm really not. Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?. It's stuff like that, isn't it? Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger. You're watching a football game at a funeral? You are a frightening, frightening man. Oh, no. Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is. Hey. Who are those people? Hey, Lowell. So how's it going there in Financial Services? Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh. I'm not. Really. So you can tell? So you don't think I have a, a quality? He is? Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian. Hey. And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup? That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman. Do you know which one you're gonna be? Good luck, man. I hope you get it. Yes, every single one of them. I thought it was 98.50. I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head. All right, I'm nine years old. We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have, and I remember this part vividly, a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced. Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse. Tonight, on a very special Blossom. Oh, you must stop shooping. No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment. Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore. The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away. No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me? Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen? Do either of you have the keys? For an emergency just like this. Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go. Now this feels like Thanksgiving. Shall I carve? Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese? I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked. Here, here! Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass! Might wanna open with the snowman. Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops! Man, I'm talking loud! It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us dinner. Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm. That guy's going home with a note! Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact. Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice. I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped. I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped! Too many jokes, must mock Joey! Aah, y'killing me! Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you. Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie. Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby? I happen to know a Fun Bob. That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night. Yeah, we played, we watched TV, that juggling thing is amazing. With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that. Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks, and a melon. You remember Janice. But you found me! Kill me. Kill me now. Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we. I'm sorry you misunderstood. Oh, will you give me the thing. And then the peacock bit me. Please kiss me at midnight. Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you. And the moment of joy is upon us. Y'know, I uh, just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me! Are there no conscious men in the city for you two? Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend at Bernie's is on Showtime, HBL and Cinemax. Exactly. Weekend at Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No? Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch'. You can say that because she's not your mom. Shhh, busy beaming with pride. Now why would she say that's embarrassing? THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION! This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone. And then he burst into flames. Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken. Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little. I know I am. Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen. What are you guys doing out here? Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. Oh my God. I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom? What? You knew about this? I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?! I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking? Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you. I can't believe you did this. I'm still mad at you for not telling me. You gotta let me slam the door! What was that? Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, MotherKisser? Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare. Because it's complicated, it's complex Hey, you kissed my mom! That's very funny. We done now? That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her. No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough. You kissed my best Ross! Or something to that effect. Really stupid. Yeah. No. No. Yeah, okay. Nice save. Hey. Yeah, why not. So I told her. Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse. Pretty good! I told her. No no no no, we're done. And, we're done with the yogurt. Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal! Ok, you're going to have to stop that, forever! You think? Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one? What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table! Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio. Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination. What do you mean, like, buy it together? You think we're ready for something like that? Well, it's a big-it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out? I'm not moving out. Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip. It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly. Aw, don't do that. Fine. More coffee over here, please! So what are you gonna do? Oh, yeah, you have to tell her. That's patio furniture! You pick one. Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining! Not like that, I won't! Kip would have liked the birds! So, what do you think? I know! What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in! My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross! Wha. Hey! Yeah-get out! One more game? Aaarrgh! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Rachel. Wait, wait. Can I just say one thing? That's a relatively open weave, and I can still see, your nippular areas. Oh yes. Could I have one of those. OK. Nah. She's still upset because I saw her boobies! It was an accident. It's not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts! You know, you know, I don't know why you are so embarrassed. They were very nice boobies. OK. Rock. Hard place. Me! Whoa. Whoa. Back up there sparky. What did you mean by that? Huh. Uh-huh. How did you know that? What?. What? You know, I don't see that happening. Well, I'm not showing you my tat! Oh good. Rog is here! Ah, it's nothing. It's just a little thing. I, I hate that guy! Oh, look, it's the woman we ordered. Er, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, you know. Joey, if I go first, I want to be looking for my keys. So! Who's up for a big game of KerPlunk? Come on, I, I'll show you to my room. That sounds so weird when it's not followed by No thanks, it's late. Hey! Kicky! What are you doing? Well, you're gonna! Are they end to end, or tall, like pancakes? Hey, you are not him, you're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe fitting business, did you cave? No. You decided to go into the out of work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it. And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage, and the guts, to say No thanks. I'm married. Yeah. I really do. Get off! Wha-what? Sorry. My, my thing was in there with me! Huh-uh. Basically we just feel that he's, er. Things sure have changed here on Walton's Mountain. If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blonde, chasing after twenty-year old boys, or I'll end up like my Mom! Any contact? Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbian-I don't think we need a third. I think it's winning. She'll love it. Go with the egg, my friend. No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg. Oh, uh, listen, about tonight. Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a. Yes! Way to go, man! Still got the egg, huh? Oh, uh, I don't care. Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess. And what did you bring? Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. Come on, do it, do it, go, come on! That's ok. What? What can't you do? Tell me it's you and me we. Ok, you can not do this to me. I hope she throws up on you. So. Oh, what a crappy night! Excuse me. How ya doin'? Joey's not a friend. He's a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen tv? You got it. Good woman, could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne? That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy. I've always wanted to know. No, no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice. Ok, well, this was very special. Janice is gonna go away now. Oh, good, Joey's home now. How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day? Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush. Hi, Just Janice. Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. Chan and Jan Forever. Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this, at least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out. It is? Oh no, you see, actually it is. Oh, no I don't. I did, but. Call me! This is unbelievable. It's been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, you'd be looking like a ham right about now. It's Phoebe! Hi! Wait, wait! WhWhat are you doing here? Can we start over? All right, now look at her and tell me she doesn't look exactly like her sister. They're twins! You know that thing, when you and I talk to each other about things. Let's not do that anymore. Your sister Ursula. Yeah, yeah, she works over at that place, uh. Oh, you do? Because she said you guys haven't talked in like years. Oh, and I've got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in gym. And to you too, Helen. Oh, ok. Send her in. Hi, Nina. Come on in. Uh, Yes. Yes. I've just been going over your data here, and little thing, you've been post-dating your Friday numbers. Well, it throws my WENUS out of whack. WENUS. Weekly Estimated Net Usage Statistics. It's not just that she's cute, ok. It's just that she's really really cute. So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long? Hey, where you been? Score. Yeah, listen. Before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by, uh-. Mr. D, how's it going, sir? And? So what does this mean? Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very. Nina? Nina. Nina. Nina. Yes, yes I am. Listen, the reason that I called you in here today is, uh, please don't hate me. Would you like to have dinner sometime? Well, you still haven't taken down the Christmas lights. I'm just trying to find the right moment, you know? You know, once you're inside, you don't have to knock anymore. Wow, this is serious. I've never known you to pay money for any kind of capade. Knit, good woman, knit, knit! And that's the Chrysler building right there. Yes, yes she is. Didn't I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, uh, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Fl-, Dr Flanen, Dr. Flan, and uh, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly. In fact, he uh, mentioned the word frenzy. Oh, no, no. Nina--she is whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo. In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all. And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself or others. Well, I guess that's why they call it psychology, sir. You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different. Uh, sure, Nina. What's up? Oh, well, uh, maybe that's because they're uh, jealous of us. Uh, well, maybe that's, uh, because you're getting a big raise. Sure, why not? Oh, you don't know. Helen, would you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinder's raise? Helen drinks. Will you marry me? Well, I ended up telling her everything. Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. Little tip: If you're ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand on the desk. You're not gonna lose him. What are you crazy? That's a baby! Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad. Well, only if you order stuff. There it is! So what're you gonna do? And your friend Phoebe? Man if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit. All right, what have we learned so far? Happy birthday Peehee. Did you see Betty? Ok, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father. Say your son never feels connected to you as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this. You know, you'd think I would. What's up with the simian? Ok, who's turn is it? No, no, you got zero points for idney. Marcel swallowed a Scrabble tile. We think he was trying to spell out monkey. So, you feel like a dad yet? Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad. Pudo haber sido el General Tso. Total chick-flick! They're still just friends, right? You know, I cannot believe we are even having this discussion. I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would have, happened already? I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey. Hey. You know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's when that phrase was last used. Rachel lost Marcel. OK. It's his first time out, so he's probably gonna want to do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian tea-room. Marcel? Marcel? Er, we're kind of having an emergency, and we were, er, looking for something. Yes. Have you seen any? Oh, no, wait, wait, no, wait, wait. Erm, we may not know anything about radiators, per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling milieu. Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help. And they're very hot! OK. From now on, you don't get to talk to other people. Marcel! Wow. I thought that was an Alp! Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would have involved a major lifestyle choice! I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much. I feel violated. And not in a good way. I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will. Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? THE GIRLS. Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. CALLS. No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up. Oh, no no no no. Last time I left a spontaneous message. And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law. Hey Rach! Yes! I have my reasons. Oh, Danielle! I wasn't. Hey, I've been honing! Oh, uh. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant. What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that. Can I use your phone? Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back? Y'don't think that makes me seem a little. Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad. She answered. I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message. If it helps, I could slide over. Hello? Hello? So how's Mindy? Hell is filled with people like you. And boogie! Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch. Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to. I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride. No! Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! I'm. 'S'why I'm dancing. Ring dammit, ring! What?! I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned. Nngghhh! Danielle! Hi! Uh everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, What are you doing here? I'm, I'm okay. That sounds good. I'll call you or you call me, whatever. Okay. I dunno. Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole. Wow, what a geek. They spent 69.95 on a Wonder Mop. Well, that's what we said about Joey. How about Joey. Pepponi? Joey. Switzerland? Joe. Joe. Joe. Stalin? Well, it does not ring a bell with me. Might wanna try Joseph. Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof. She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she? So what does this mean? I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already? I know that one! No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen. Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo. What? Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice. Take off their hats! You're kidding. Y'know, you'd think I would've. He's in. Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn. Tell me what? Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me. Wow! More importantly, was I any good? Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate. You're okay there? I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and I was somebody else's subconscious. Hi Rachel. Pirates again? Thanks Joey, that's a good idea. Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs reduced. It's a whole big boob story. Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day. A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid. When we were? And this manchild has no problem with how old you are? Can you hear that? See That'll stop when you pick up the phone. I'm not in a meeting. I'm right. Whoops. What? Ah! Well, now, I actually have to get to work. Okay. Bye bye. Ooh. See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. Me. Why not? What? Noho. Why doesn't they like me? What are you talking about? I can't belive it. They do me? I don't sound like that. Okay, I don't sound like that. That is so not true. That is so not. That is so not. That. Oh, shut up! Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream. Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly, saucy? And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym. Tyrannosaurus! Work people? Nobody told me. You know, I don't get this. A month aga, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean i'm a different person. You think I should? Okay. Okay. I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing Ebony and Ivory. What? Then, I don't get it. They do? I just wan't to. But I just wa. Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock. You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache? Petrie, right, right. Okay, somebody's gonna be working this weekend. Hey Ross, look what I've got going here. Yeah, like in a cab. Okay, hating this. Here we go, here we go. Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's. You have to pick your moments. I used to have that bumper sticker. You see what I mean. Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow. Oh, ok, 'cause we never do that. You'll get one. All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one? Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically. No, no, no. Uh, uh. Dear god! This parachute is a knapsack! Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was like your father a doctor? No reason. Where have you been? Mazeltov! You are really frightening me. Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. Uh, that's great. Anybody seen a nipple? But they're not here yet! Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner? I know, I still am one of these. And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this. Yes, yes, we did, thanks to Vidal Buffay. Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs. Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen, 'cause I like to be surprised. Hey, Rache, can I get. Not yet. So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know. God? Well, maybe it was God, doing me. Well, you owe me one, big guy. He said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself without any outside help whatsoever. You have to really wanna see it. Hi. Anybody know a good tailor? No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk. You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance! Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her. What stupid thing did you do? People do stupid things when they're upset. Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered. Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code? At least as long as I have the pants. Yo, paisan. Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man. Joey's tailor took advantage of me. He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite. Cupping. Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true. That's ok. You know, it's something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back. We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle? Carol, Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding? So, uh, how often can you do it? Hey, sweetums. Come on, you're going to Bloomingdales with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship. What did you just do? What did you just do? Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike. Howdy. Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed. What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you. All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run? You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie. All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker. Hey. I broke up with her. They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them. I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain. You or me? Maureen Rosilla. Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky. Ok, Phoebe. UhOh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed. Actually, I think this apartment sullies the good name of crap. Hey, look at this. My Big Book of Grievances. April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate brings home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent. Wow, he looks so normal. Funniest? Heckles? Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that? Whoa! Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool. I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles. Would you knock it off?. Baaah! Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did. Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction. What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it supposably? How do you know that? How? You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays? Yeah, I understand. You know what? I'm not gonna end up like this. I'll see you man. Hi, it's me. Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend? Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody. Oh, my, god! Janice, you're. Is it-? Congratulations. You couldn't have told me about this on the phone? Neat. I'm gonna die alone. Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake. If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, y know. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. Run away from Crazy Snake Man, they'll shout! Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there. In a bad way? Whoa! Don't know about that. Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing. I'll take that. Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it. Takin' that with you, huh? Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down. Sure. I didn't know it was a big secret. You bitch. C'mon, there's nothin' to see, it's just a tiny bump, it's totally useless. Joey was in a porno movie. If I'm goin' down, I'm takin' everybody with me. Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia. Huh? Are, uh, any of these cultures, per chance, in the tri-state area? No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls, funny. Oh I see, I see, because of the third nipple thing. Ha ha ha. Uh, Julie. Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright. What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie. OK, now wait a minute. That is the craziest typing test I've ever seen. Nice work my friend. Well, listen, this has been great but I'm officially wiped. I got the time to get to know Julie. I'm goin' home. Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there. No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned. What? Bob here. What've you been up to? Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. I love her. I'm back. Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish? Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off. I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table. Ok, pure evil, horny and alone. I've done this. Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday. Hey, come on, we got the gift, the concert, and the cake. Look guys, I know it's a little steep. But it's Ross. I'll see you guys later, I gotta go do a thing. You know, I think I might just. Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods. We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy. All right. Hi. Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something. Whoever stood you up is a jerk. I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue? No, you keep the pack. I'm all cried out today. Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade? Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number. I will have the uh, Cajun catfish. Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you? Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback. You can tell us. We can talk about that. So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before? No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish. Together. So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh? Gee, Monica, what's in the bag? By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall. Why, it's six tickets to Hootie and the Blowfish! The Blowfish! If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel. Why did you look at me when you said that? Fine. Yeah? Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today. Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming. Now I know it's been awhile, but I took it as a good sign. I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again. Bob here. So, uh, you met someone, huh? So, uh, how was he? Eh? Well, that makes me feel so good. Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it. So, let's go. Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now. I can't believe the guys missed this. Chandler. Yeah, we really missed you guys. Yes, apparently Stevie and the band are like this. I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it. I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more. Yes. No. You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody. Can I uh see something? Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat. We'll watch him. I was looking forward to playing basketball, but I guess that's out the window. You understood that? Is he the one with the beautiful wife? You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil? No, I got him. Oh, seriously you want him? Well, don't, don't think me immodest, but, me? Well, we are great guys. That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi! Just practicing. You're good. Carry on. Ok, but can you tell him that, because he thinks he's too pink. You done? You know it? Oh, sure, they love us over there. Oh, that's good. Maybe he'll hear you and pull the cord. Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er. That's me. Actually, uh, we're both the father. Please tell me you know which one is our baby. Ok. Yeah? Hey, Ben, remember us? Ok, the mole came off. What're we gonna do? What're we gonna do? Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby? All right, call it in the air. Heads it is. We have to assign heads to something. What kind of scary-ass clowns came to your birthday? Hey, he's not crying. You, you are gonna love this. Stay back, I've got kiwi. Run, Joey, Run! OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something, repellant, about me? Well it couldn't have been worse, a woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive. Woah, woah, I've put on a little wieght? Oh, you know, I would but that might get in the way of my lying around time. Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin, home. OK, let's do it. What? And we're changing. No. One. Two. Two and a half. OK, just show me one of them. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore. Joey, be a pal, lift up my hand and smack her with it. So you really OK about all this? No, no, no, no, no, no No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday. Because it's Sunday, it's God's day. OK, stop. Monica, it's 6:30 in the morning. We're not working out, it's over. OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll regret. Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have. I mean, especially considering how tough it's been for you to find work. You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed. And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's shoulder to cry on. I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all. So, you feel like goin' for a run? Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a nap right here. OK. All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s. Games and stuff. Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight. Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer. Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column. No, Amish boy. Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else? Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her? I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek? So, Spock actually hugs his father? What? Nothing. No, no, see? See? Hey, it's printing. Hey, it's printing! Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing. All right. It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end. Good luck. My diary! My diary, that's brilliant. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have made me read her my diary. Oh good, I was hoping that would come up. All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason. All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you? What are you doing out there? Look, maybe we should go? Hey. Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad. And twenty-five it is. Phoebs, let me ask you something, were, were these, uh, funny brownies? Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year. What's in the bag? Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame. Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up. Who said anything about Christmas? So whaddya got there Monica? Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that? Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab, hop in. Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time. Hey. Eeeshk. OK. OK. Brake left, gas right? Where's my seat belt? Hey! Oh, so that's what this is for. Yeah. Alright. Alright, we're gettin' closer. Well, so why not go knock? Yeah, and someday when you're ready, you'll make it past the hedges. Oh, that's OK, we'll figure something out. Ho, ho, ho, holy crap is it hot in here! Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone. OK, Phoebs, your turn. And, a lemon lime. And last but not least. OK, look, that is one guy's opinion, alright. Phoebs read yours. Does anyone have one from a different paper? Ross, read yours. I had about a mugfull in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug. Hey. Guess who's back in show business. No, no, Phoebs, you know why? Cause he's dead. OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda bittersweet now, but Joey that's who. Hey, yeah, we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia. Ridiculously dull Bobby. Hey Ross, bahhhh! Listen Phoebs, this is gonna be OK. Ross, Russ, Russ, Ross. You know, this is actually good because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare. Yes, yes, but did you see who she was dating? Yeah, it's annoying, isn't it? Hey. Woah, woah, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part or, uh, Italy called and said it was hungry. Oh my God. Oh my. God. So, what're you gonna do? Well, I, I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know. Well is she. It's alright. Is she good looking? You know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Ya know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Ya know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas. Didn't you used to call it the Little Major? Hey, we're having some fun now, huh Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK, eleven letters, atomic element number 101, ends in ium. And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine down, Knights in White Satin, was sung by the Doody Blues. OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the pinching and eye poking begins. No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job? Me. It's my game, you want the job or not? Hey. I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and pretend I'm a giant. So what'd you do? Oh, hey. Yeah, I'm sorry man. Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor. Whoa, she's pretty. Oh, ok. Nice! For a minute there I thought you were actually tryin' to smell something. That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect. Oh, yeah. That's a little more relaxed than you want them to get. Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks. Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in it, is that decaf? Believe me, sometimes that happens. You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true. Damn. My mail order grandfather hasn't come yet. Monica, I feel like you should have German subtitles. Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon. Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding. Oh, yeah? I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right? All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people. Isn't Ben in this? Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat, all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem. Rhythm? You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion. Well we could just stay in and cook for ourselves. Hello. Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a backup plan, though, just in case she isn't a cartoon. The one time they're not home. That's how radio stars escape stalkers. Wait, wait, wait. Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery? Well, she looks the exact opposite of that. Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore. Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac. Very informative! That's what I did when I lost my Clydesdales. And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard. What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-is-penis genre? So, are you guys in the movie, or are you just really paranoid. Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya. Ahhhh. Uh, yes, yes it is. Do you know me or are you just really good at this game? Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look, great job growing up. Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp. Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore. No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows. OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money. Oh uh, o, OK. Well, uh, let's try one more, there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock. No one was around to hear that? Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done. Like, when you're cooking a steak. Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done? OK, then, eat me, I'm done. I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?' Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator? Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops. Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there. You want me to wear your panties? Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. You're swell. I'm hangin in, and a little out. Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it. Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa They do have the shrimp. I'm going to the bathroom now. I can't believe we're doing this. Alrighty. What? Oh. OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials. Hey, do you want this done quick, or do you want this done right? OK. Well, you want me to uh, clench anything, or-. Susie? Susie. Huh? Where, whaddya mean? What, what's what you mean? That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that? Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back. Joey? Joey! Oh, no no no, she took off with my clothes. Not exactly. I'm wearin panties. No, no, this is the first time. I was not trying them out, Susie asked me to wear them. No. I'm not letting you or anybody else see, ever. No, no, you don't have to see. Alright, one of you give me your underpants. How can you not be wearing any underwear? Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your underpants. Hey Phoebs, can I have the milk after you? How long you been waitin' to say that? Hey. Hold on a second. Huh? What's this? Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for? Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony. Wow, I don't know what to say. Wow, I, I don't know what to say. I don't know. It's a bracelet. To my best bud. Thanks best bud. Oh, now? No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion. I so am. Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track. Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance, ya know, make a little love, well pretty much get down tonight. Oh, she's goin' somewhere. Hey, you feelin' better? Ya know, the man's got a point. That thing, it's a uhh, yeah it's, it's a little flashy. No, I'm alright, thanks. I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's. Chandler. What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap. Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection. I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. That's actually good. Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? OK, that's my bad. Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me? OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my, wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there. I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. I can't believe it. Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay. What am I gonna do, huh? Hey. Well this one's for you. No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds. That's what they'll call us. Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained. OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut. Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you? Work on your music? Alright, alright, buy you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes. Sweet mother of all that is good and pure. Congratulations! Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen. So uh, which one is mine? Ohh yes. Do we dare? Well they were chair shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild. Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, GellerGreen, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up. I'll cancel the sodas. You got a Cheeto on your face man. So how'd it go? Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin. It's the Miracle Wax. Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice. Could you get us a couple of beers? She's one of us now. Well maybe he was nervous. Yeah. Oh it's not warm yet, we still have time. That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years. Waaa-aaah. The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put. Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. You used my toothbrush? Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere. Because soap is soap. It's self-cleaning. Hey. Excuse me, you guys are getting tattoos? Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch? Oooh, Rich is goin' to the party too, huh? I know, this is a great apartment. Wow, there's my fantasy come true. No, seriously. Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK. Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it. Well it wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while. What? Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware. Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it. Well then maybe you should take it. Fine with me. Hey. Yeah me too. Yeah. So do we need to hug here or. So I got ya something. Lick away my man. What? No-no, I mean what, what's this about your new place? Well I didn't think that was serious. Ya know I thought that was just a fight. Well, there you go. Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there. I did pay for half of it. Alright I'll tell you what, I'll play you for it. Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister. Stop talkin' to your men. Congratulations. Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time, except when we are here. Yeah, I remember. So, uhh, em, you want me to uh, give you a hand with the foosball table? Thanks. Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so. Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house. Yeah. Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago. So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question, you're going crazy. Hey. Listen, I'm, I'm sorry I didn't make it over there today. Yeah well, I hear the place looks great. Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space, fest. Yeah I just, wanted to call and say hey. That's right my friend. It's time for. I still can't believe they promoted her to lieutenant. Well, how could anyone not be in love with Yasmine Blepe? See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind. But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together. But. So uhh, how's the palace? Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news. Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie. Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room. Well yeah, in that it's not being used and I, have it to spare. Hey Jo. When'd you start usin' mousse in your hair? Morning. Oh it's uh, over there on the table. No, Eddie likes to keep it over there. Oh, ooh. What? Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good. See ya. Oh, I couldn't be happier. There's another carton right over there. Alright, so what's it about? Well I like both eggs equally. Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs? Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball? Yeah o-, OK, alright. Doesn't matter, time for Baywatch. You don't like that show? Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people, and the running. Oh o-, OK man. You're obviously not their favorite pet. Phoebs, play with meeee. Ah he's a, he's not a big fan of foosball. No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room. PHOEBE: Maybe that's because you haven't taken the time to get to know him. Let's remedy that, shall we?CHANDLER: We don't need to remedy that. So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?EDDIE: That's good, that's good. So, so, so who broke up with who? What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia. EDDIE: That's good man, when everybody knows that the uh, the capital of Cambodia is uh. CHANDLER: Well it's not Sean Penn. Hi. Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?TILLY: Thanks. Oh, oh, c'mon in. Oh. Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul. TILLY: He's kind of intense huh? Yes. Hey, can I ask you, is Eddie a little. Bit country? C'mon in here you roomie. Bye. So, we gettin' a fish? Buddy? There was no fish when she dropped it off. Because he thinks I slept with his ex-girlfriend and killed his fish. PHOEBE: Why would you kill his fish? Because sometimes, Phoebe after you sleep with someone, you have to kill the fish. RACHEL: Chandler honey, I'm sorry. Ok, can we watch Joey's show now please? ROSS: Yeah. Oh, I'm fine about my problem now, by the way. We're worried about you. We came over as soon as we saw. Uhhhaahh. Yeah alright. What're these, raisins? Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current livin situation and uh, why are you smiling?EDDIE: I got a little surprise, look. There's a new fishie. I named him uh, Chandler, you know, after, after you. CHANDLER: Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker. EDDIE: What's you point man? Ok, good night. You big freak of nature. the bathroom. On his way back, Richard comes out of Monica's bedroomROSS: Hey. Hey Eddie. Daahh! What're you doin' here? Why? I can't sleep now. No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now. Hannibal Lecter better roommate than you. I didn't realize that. GET OUT NOW! Yes please. I want you out. Where did you hear it from before? Ahhhh-gaaaahhh. Eddie what're you still doin' here? Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything? Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now? Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time. Your last roommate's kidney? Daaahhhh! Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching. Uuuh. Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out. You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT! Uh-huh. This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue. You want some help. Ding dong, the psycho's gone. Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STANDING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD! Our next cocktail party? Eddie, do you remember yesterday? Do you remember talking to me yesterday? So what happened? Oh sweet Moses. May I help you? Well, I'm, I'm sorry. Ahhh. Have we met? I, I'm sorry, I uh I already have a roommate. Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man. Well I, I think we'd remember something like that. See ya. Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff? Welcome home man. Absolutely. Ah that's a cantelope. Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over? I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place? So is he housetrained or is he gonna leave little bathroom tiles all over the place? Stay. Good, STAY! Good fake dog. Well, how do you find clothes that fit? Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?' Ok, that's Eric. I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings. Ok, this could be tough. Ooh, you almost had it. Hey. Your boyfriend is so cool. Yeah, he let us drive his Jaguar. Joey for 12 blocks, me for 15. You're welcome. Hey Joey, thanks for parking the car. I think they get it. There's the man. Just tryin' somethin' here, ya know. Hey listen, we've gotta go, I promised Richard we'd meet him downstairs. Yeah, didn't he tell ya? You hear that? We're the guys. Hey, big guy, game time. Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel. Kick save and, denied. Oh really, I didn't know they had foosball in the 1800's. See, that's why we don't let her play. Oh hey listen, don't be mad at him, it's our fault. I'm sorry we've been hoggin so much of his time. No. Your just, your just clearly not familiar with our young persons vernacular. See, when we say dad, we mean buddy. We mean pal. No no, seriously, Joey's my dad, Monica's my dad. I've even got some dads down at work. You're not a dad. You're not a dad. I can't believe you got us into trouble. Man, I am so beat. Hey, you just wanna forget about raquetball and hang out here? Ok, there is one more way to say it, who knows it? No actually, I was just going for colorful. What just happened? That, that is funny. Can I have it back? No? Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat? No, just wanna make sure we're on the same page. The mean guys at the coffee house took my hat. Ohhh Oh no, wait a minute, I have no one. Na, forget it, it's probably stripped and sold for parts by now. Hey. Do you have to be a Century 21 real-estate agent to get to wear those really cool jackets? Alright, I'll tell you what, you call the couch and then, and then we'll call the couch, and we'll see who it comes to. Don't play with his things. You had to ask. I think you played the Gunther card too soon. Your cappucino sir. Ya know I think this is much better than the coffee house. ell the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle. Ok. No? Alright, hang on a second there Custer. Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back. Would you come on! Come on! Thank you. Ah, there we go. You burn your mouth? Bullies, big bullies. Yes, we're standing out ground apparently. Alright, let's do this. Question. If I don't care about my watch, can I use it as a weapon? Well, it's sharp, it's metal, I think I can do some, you know, serious damage with it. Ok. Ok. Ok, so let me just get this straight. So we're uh, strictly talking about the middle? Hey, hey, those guys are takin our stuff! Yeah, I wouldn't know having missed everything. Ok so, can I have my hat back? Huh. Hi Monica. Guys guys, check this out. Wow, it's, it's like porno for clowns. Or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and Joey just slept with her and never called her back. Ya know, my cousin went to hell on a football scholarship. Why her mom? Excuse me? This isn't your first surprise party, is it sir? So, basically just a Chinese guy. Yes because uh, you look so young. NO! No, I'll take that for ya. Ok, think, what would Jack and Chrissy do? Uhh, yes, absdolutely, um. Why again? Yeah, this more than anything else, is the staging area. Alright you guys are off to party number one and you, you are off to party number two Alright fellas, let's keep it movin', let' keep it movin. Ok, they're coming, shhh. Well, we could count again. Look, are you gonna be ok? Well, actually just one birthday flan. It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert. Look talk to Monica, she's on the food committee. Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge down my throat. I love this party. Volleyball. Joey, a woman just stuck her tounge down my throat, I'm not even listening to you. Ok, that's me. Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor. Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed. Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other? I, I know. Well, uh, Dr. Greene, where are you going? Sorry, we're on a major flan high. Yup, get ready for the gelatenous fun. Yeah, but I'm, I'm so much faster. No. Ok, you can have it. That was there when I got here. Had it. Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right here as an entry level processor. It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, you're an actor. Act like a processor, people will think you're a processor. Hey thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbianni. Joey is a uh, fellow processor. I was just telling Joey about the opening in Fleischman's group. Hey, how's the first day goin'? Well there you go. Jeannie, the head of east coast operations Jeannie? Weird world. Your kids? Ya know there isn't a part of that sentence I don't need explained. Well, invisible kids can be that way sometimes. Really? Wow. That's some pretty powerful imaginary sperm you must have there. Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas. Well the people in my group wanna spend the holiday weekend with their families. It's about cutting my people a little slack, ya know, for morale. Look, if you wanna see some rough numbers, I can get them to you by Wednesday. Uh, if you say so sir. Well, I'm going to kill you. Why? Why? Wh wh why is Mr. Douglas looking for me? Wha wh why, why, why does he suspect that? Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I could just fire Joseph, I would, but unfortunately that's not possible so I'm gonna have to let both of you go. I don't, I hate Joseph, ok. I think he's a brown-nosing suck up. Alright, ok, alright. So I can't fire Joseph but uh, I can sleep with his wife. Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did. Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer. No freakshow, she's fictional. Thank you. 'Cause he was just so darn cute. Hey, what did your agent say? And I'll be using his dead body as a shield. I may have. Well, we haven't exactly met, we just stayed up all night talking on the internet. I like this girl, okay, I seriously like this girl, you now how sometimes I tend get a little defended and quipy. Well she totally called me on it, okay. She said, 'cut it out, get real', and I did. It's like this, me, no jokes. Well, I think you should seriously consider the marriage thing, give Rachel another chance to dress up like Princess Bubble Yum. Joey, no means no! I'm sorry we, we don't have your sheep. Oh, it's a website, it's the, uh, the Guggenheim museum. See, she likes art, and I like funny words. It means we're holding hands. I'm afraid I might just be. Okay, it's not a guy, all right, I know her. How do you not fall down more? All right. My husband is sleeping with his secretary. She's married! I can't believe she's married. What's wrong? What's wrong? You're married that's what's wrong. What? Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband. Okay, I'll do it! Where is she, Where is she? Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she? Ooh, oh, oh, that's her. Oh my God! Morning. Taste it. Yeah, I know, I did that two minutes ago. Hey, mister tux! All right, I took the quiz, and it turns out, I do put career before men. Get up. You're in my seat. 'Cause I was sitting there. Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back. The big deal is I was sitting there last, so, that's my seat. All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. GET UP! Well, Joey, I wrote a little song today. It's called: Get Up. Really! Honey, you did call him back. 'Cause, it's, it's really old. You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Maybe he's calling to say your obsessive and crazy. All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair. I'm soooo, comfortable. All right! All right! Fine! I'm going. But when I get back it's chair sitting, and I'm the guy who's. sitting in a chair! Maybe it was his sister's. You know, maybe it was his daughter's. All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Mim, Get out of my chair, dillhole! What are you doing? The cushions are the essence of the chair! Oh-ho, it'll be back. Oh-ho, there's nobody in the room. We used them as pillows when we went camping. The sheep. He took my essence! Well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his cushions. What are you, what are you gonna show me my clothes? He's got nothing! What are you supporting? Monica, I think you've gone over to the bad place. You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about? They got a phone in there, right? Is it wrong that I was totally aroused by that? Oh my God! That is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear! Oooo-ooh! Jeez, what a baby. Stop it. Stop it! Excuse me. Hi. Well, your kind of sitting in my seat. I mean, I was sitting there. But, I never left the room! All right, that's it, give me your underwear. See Joe, that's why your parents told you not to jump on the bed. Hey. Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just fell out of the socket. Because the kids need new shoes. Do I look fat? Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow. Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her. Okay, so you both just know this stuff? That's easy, baggage claim. Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something. Thank you Rachel. Well, I thought you guys were cuddlily sleepers. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, the old hug and roll. Okay, one question. You're pretending the pillow's a girl right? Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom. Hey, Joe, I gotta ask. The girl from the Xerox place buck naked, or, or a big tub of jam. Well, your gonna need much bigger jars. That, that's what's stupid. Night-night. Janice. 'Look at all that room on her side, you good fit a giant penguin over there. That would be weird though. Okay, hug and roll time. I'm huggin', I'm huggin', your rollin', and. yes! Freedom! Except for this arm! I'm stuck. Stuck arm! Okay, time for the old table cloth trick, one fluid motion. Quick like a cat, quick like a cat! And 1.2.3!' No, that's all right. I just had a jar of mustard. You mean there's more than one of us. And that's how you bought it? Pheebs, wake up and smell the restraining order. Sure. What's up? You're flingin'-flangin' right I am! Well, it's official there are no good movies. Hey, man. What's up? Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me. Is anybody else scared? Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad! Joe. Joe! Answer the phone. Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight. Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes. Noo. No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head: 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!' I know, that, that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid. Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side! Do we have any. Do we have any thoughts here? You think? Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way. 'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this. Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser. Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get. Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip. Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents! I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay. It doesn't scare me! Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, III just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street. So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down. Then I got all needy and clingy. She said she'd call me. Oh God. This ice cream tastes like crap by the way. So, you don't think I'm terminal? Okay, okay. So, should I call her? So I'm not, not gonna lose her? I said, 'So I'm not gonna lose her?' Hello, Janice. Oh, just a bit of shopping. How've you been? No. Not anymore. Yeah, huh. I'm just uh, you know I'm just picking up some things for a party. Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours. Here in Chelsea. A woman's. Chelsea. Can I be that guy? And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store. I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right? Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. Okay, what do I do? Hello! What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got stupid, and, and scared, and. stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?! I love you too. Hey! Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest tick you off? Yeah! You're building a post office? Okay. My word! Those are snug. Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute? All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list. Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can't get mad. Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit. I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head. Peter Parker. What a geek! Hi. We don't, really. You know, we don't really take advantage of living in the city. No, you didn't get me! It's an electric drill, you get me, you kill me! I do NOT want this unit! Fine! All right, so who do you got it narrowed down to? Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving. Eh, y'know what, she's to political, she probably wouldn't let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first. Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she's too international, y'know she's never gonna be around. So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who's gonna be in the country like all the time. Have you seen Joey? Oh, just this! Y'know what it's my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish. What's going on? Yo! Spackel boy! Get up! He started mine first! What, like a number? Hi! Bye! Okay, on three. One. Two. Why two? Yeah, I coulda counted to three like four times without all this 'two' talk. Okay, one two. Oh, good job Joe. Yeah-yeah, so big that it actually makes our doors look smaller! Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours? Umm? I've got five bucks says you can't. Oh, I think I have the cash. Yeah, you got me. I'm out five big ones! Here you go. Hey. Im never gonna find a roommate, ever. Well lets see, there was the guy with the ferrets, thats plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing! Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who Im not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone Chandler Bing, he said Whoa-whoa, short message. Umm, hows it going with you guys? Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do? Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know, never. Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think youre chances are pretty good. All right. Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, Bye-bye. Sure. Ummm. Whats up? What gay thing? Well okay Jerry, thanks for stopping by. Hey, Mon. Do I ever. No way! Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now? Can I get a beer. You betcha! Um-mm, yeah right! Oh yes, and thats what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one. Okay, but after that, were shootin some pool. Excuse, I seem to have dropped my ball. And now Ive picked it up again. Hey! Oh, dont thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work. So ah, whatcha watching? Whats it about? Well, it sounds kinda stupid. Whos she? Wow! Look at them run. Yeah, Ill go get one. Well, hello! Do you have any beers? Were out of beers. You okay? Right. Noo! You dont have a boyfriend because. I dont, I dont know why you dont have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend. Oh-ho, come here. Listen, you are one of my favourite people and the most beautiful woman Ive ever known in real life. Umm, this is nice. No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton? Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device. Oh yeah, that sounds great. Oh, and listen, its, its gonna be. RossJoey, JoeyRoss. I cant believe you came back. If I was a superhero who could fly and be invisible, that would be the best. Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel! What a wank! I'll go. See, that's why I could never be an actor. Because I can't say gig. Knock, knock. Hey, I'm going for sushi does anybody want. Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp. Okay. It's a racecar. Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress? You told him to play the boxer gay! You totally screwed him over. Varrroom! Hey! Watch it lady! Varrrrom! Hey-hey good lookin'! Varrroom. All right, I'll leave. My bed's so boring. I will have one. Okay, I'm not gonna have one. All right I'll have one. See that is the problem with invisible dentists. That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist's blouse. Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice? Janice's birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me. That's a good idea, 'Dear Janice have a HubbaBubba birthday'. I would like to get her something serious. All right. Look, I'm gonna go in here, and you don't buy me anything ever. Why not?! What is the thing? What? Well she, she wouldn't do that, she's with, she's with me. Yeah, well, you're wrong! Okay, you're wrong. Ah, I don't know, you tell me. Anything you ah, wanna tell me, because, if you ah, you should, if you, you would, tell me. You tell me! Maybe, it's because I was just fooling with my ex! Oh no-no-no-no, no-no-no-no, that was you! All right! Joey told me, he saw you two kissing. No! In his office! How many kisses were there? Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing! Here. I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? Are you finished with him? Do you still love him? Do you still love me? All right look, I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me? Yeah. What? All right. I talked to Janice. She doesn't know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that twelve pack of condoms. And now I can't even return them, because she choked on the reciept! I don't know, y'know. What, what, would you do? Come on, tell me. What? What are you, what are you talking about? Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it's, it's, it's not gonna be easy. I think you should go back with Gary. I don't wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know 'You're the reason, you are the reason why their not together.' and I hated that guy. And it didn't matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad. Yeah, well. It's the right thing to do. Then don't leave me! Forget what I said, I was babbling! Pick me! No you don't! No, no, no, I say you have to give your divorce another chance. Ohhh. Don't go. No. No! No! No! I don't care! I don't care! You can't leave! I have your shoe! 'I'll hold you close in my arms. I can't resist your charms. And love.' 'No you know I don't mind.' 'I know.' 'I've found.' No, no, no, I don't, I don't really wanna play. That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals! Yeah, all right, I'll play. No, no, no, you say that proudly. And was the curse lifted? But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won't let me cross the street. And then Tineals. Wow! Just like in the pros. The ball is Janice. The ball is Janice. Sorry. I'm sorry. Y'know what, we're just gonna throw it. No, no, no, actually losers rhyme. Twenty-three! Seventy-four! You wanna go shotgun? Hike! Great! Now, the score is 7 to almost 7. No, no, no, no, no! Hey Joey, do you wanna play football or you wanna. Hi, I'm Chandler. Mar-haaaan. Well, that went well. Y'know, I was thinking about ah, asking her for her number. Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about. Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot? Math! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her. Well now you have two. Hey, I am good at math. Hey! Well, I've been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that's mean! Before! Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four? Okay, good. Hi. No-no-no-no, the game's not over, we're just switching teams. No ah, hold on a second Joe, where do Dutch people come from? And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right? Fine with me. Yes! Well, you don't you have Captain Hook explain it to her. You hear that! That is her chose, mister I'll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-wave in celebration of me! Wh-what? Y'know what, it doesn't matter, 'cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook! We're not gonna lose to girls. Okay, okay, so we get to take that stupid troll thing home! Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you're five feet short, so we win! Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night! Yes. Yes, there is, they play on Sundays and Monday nights. Eh, I don't, I don't know. Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing? Yeah? Excuse me little one, I have a very solid backhand. I was shrieking, like a Marine. Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. Where exactly were you around ten-ish? Look out kids, he's coming! Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York. Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities? How, exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago? He's right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want. Because, I'm too afraid. Yeah, that'd be much worse than being 28, and still working here. Does this mean we're gonna have to start paying for coffee? I spelled out boobies. So, how many have you sold so far? Oh my God, how did you do that? Me! On my computer. Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room. Something else I might have said? You-you-you don't wanna give into the fear. Run, Joey! Run for your life! Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross. Hey! How'd the interview go? Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house. Well seeing that drunk Santa wet himself, really perked up my Christmas. It's like 'Night of the Living Dead Christmas Trees.' Sure, everybody loves a kidder. Should I tell her I ordered tea? I'm an alien. I'm an alien. Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end? I just saw Janice. Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them. Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon. Oh, y'know what, I'm gonna be okay, you don't have to throw a party for me. Oh, well then, if anybody should have a party it should be him. Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it's supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh. Hello-dillillio! Take off your shirt! Yeah, Jello just like Mom used to make. Okay, how many of that girl are you seeing? Hi Joey's sisters! Oh, I'm taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed dialer. No-no-no-no, no, it's a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can't we savor the precious moments? Those are some huge breasts you have. Well, my apartment isn't there anymore, because I drank it. Yeah, I ended up in the storage room, and not alone. Ow, no 'woo-hooing,' no 'woo-hooing.' Ah, I fooled around with Joey's sister. Well, that's not the worst part. I can't remember which sister. Okay! You don't think I thought of that? You see you can't tell which one is which either, dwha! Veronica. Look, it's got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat. Look, when I've been drinking, sometimes I tend to get overly friendly, and I'm sorry. Why can't we talk in here? With, with, witnesses. It's gotta be the first one. Yep, I'm in a tree. Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba. What if MaryAngela comes to the door and I ask for MaryAngela? Joey, what-wh-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here? I'm here to see MaryAngela. Where's MaryAngela? This teramisu is, is excellent. Did you make it MaryAngela? Well, it's, it's yummy. So MaryAngela do you like it? So um, MaryAngela, what's your second favorite? Would you just please. give me the recipe 'cause this is great. It's top notch. So will I. Oh no-no-no I was just squinting. That doesn't mean anything. Will you excuse me I have to um. Hey! Look, I may have jumped the gun here. Um, I just got out of a relationship and I'm not really in a, in a commitment kind of place. Ahhhh, you're not MaryAngela. This is so bad. If-if you're not MaryAngela, then-then who is? Oh, this is soo bad. No Joey! No Joey! Don't Joey! Joey! You're it! Now run and hide! I wasn't sure which one MaryAngela was. Look, I'm sorry okay, I was really drunk, and you all look really similar. Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya? Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again. Okay, absolutely! You've got it. What?! Don't worry. Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that towel dress. All right, I suppose I can wait a day. Hey, what are you doing Friday? I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist. Yeah. Is that a dinosaur tie? It must take you forever to find your keys. Hey, so can you make it on Friday? Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a stripper. Well, if the magician can open my beer with his butt cheeks, then all right. Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! Don't cry outloud. I want to say you but, that seems like such an easy answer. I'll get you the Cliff Notes. The abridgment. three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?! Oh no, no, no, no. All right, I have to get that, but no-no. Hello? Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? So would I, would I have to provide the grapes? Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier. To yourself. Hey-hey-hey, y'know what that's pretty good. Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work. Bye-bye. What, what, what?! You really think that is what he meant? Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you. Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits. All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.' He paints quite a picture doesn't he? Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. See, she's fully dressed, right? And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked! Y'know what, I'm, I'm gonna spend some alone time with the pen. Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn? Man, I gotta get a kid. Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a stripper. Yeah, baby! Making chocolate milk. Do you want some? Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him. Oh, hey. So ah, isn't a bit cold out for shorts? Right, right. Sometimes you guys just burst into flames. I'm up! I'm up, I've gotten up now! Anybody ah, want anything? Okay Ross, why don't you come with me? Robert's coming out. No. He, he's coming out of his shorts. The man is showing brain. Wellll? What do we do? What do we do? Like an eclipse. Your liking it, huh? No, actually Laurie's a boy. Hey. You mean a three pointer? I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it just seems that Robert isn't as concealed in the shorts area, as ah, one may have hoped. Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day! Hmmm, that's very cool. I can't believe she cracked your code! No, Beth doesn't die, she doesn't die. Does she Rachel? We can't tell him, you can't go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his, stuff. Yeah, we got, um-hmm. I like her. Well, that's pretty much all I'm looking for from these people. All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I'd like know whether that's several big fish or just one big fish. No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called 'wait until the last moment before I burst and die.' Jeez, man did you fall. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high? Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I'mI'm talking to ah, This is the part where you say your name. Ginger. I'm talking to Ginger, so. Nope, nope, I'd just ah, I'd rather talk to you. Yes, I do. Yes, I do have to go to the bathroom. Well, that's the best kiss I've had with anyone I've ever met in a men's room. Op, foot in a puddle, foot all in a puddle. Yeah, we're gonna have to get you out of those shoes. No, really you're gonna freeze. You're not, what do you, what do you got a bionic foot? Hey. Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car. Great. It was great. She's ah, she's great, great looking, great personality, she's greatness. Joey told you about the leg, huh? Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn't have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don't want to stop seeing her, but every so often it's like 'Hey, y'know what, where's your leg?' I mean I'm the smallest person in the world aren't I? I'm the smallest person in the world. Actually he's the smallest person in the world. It came up. No. No. Actually I forgot, what is the deal with that again? No. No. I don't think so. That's-that's my nubbin. It's kinda a ah, a third nipple kinda thing. Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as. Ahh, what? You ah, you have, you have to leave, now? How come? Well hello! The doctor. Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting. That was an obvious joke, and I didn't think of it. Why didn't I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done! Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I'm going down to the Xerox place. Okay listen, just give me anything I can make two of. Yeah! You wanna come? Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe! Uh-oh. Okay, that hurt us. Well ah,, y'know. All right, rock on. Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there? What time is it now? Yeah all right, so we'll hang out. Yes. Vividly. Yeah, III think so. Yeah, II think so. Yeah. Yeah, I mean what, what would we do? She was kidding. She was. But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules. Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there. Right. Right. Well ah, y'know we could flip for it. Well it you don't know that, then I don't want to do this with you. And that's the only colour that comes in. So, what are you doing here? I thought tonight was your big anniversary dinner. Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out. Hey, this isn't like swimming after you eat, pick up the phone! Y'know that whole swimming thing is a myth. Why? What happened to him? Oh my God! Oh my God! Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you? Hes right. Nobodys gonna benefit, and youre just gonna hurt her. All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timings right. And thats what deathbeds are for. Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issacs sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebes friends with Rachel. And thats the trail, I did it! Off?! Yeah, well I dont think you can make that statement, unless youve been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely. Oh, thats mature. Nothing, nothing. Yeah, well, I guess they had a fight, and he got drunk. He has sex, and we get hit in our heads. Uh-oh. She was not good. Not good. Uh-oh. Yeah, never cheat on Rachel. Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about. Wax the door shut, were never leaving, ever. Oh great, food with hair on it. Because that would be crazy? Yeah, come on, its Ross and Rachel, theyve got too. What? Are you actually saying these words? Lets go. Is that your new walk? This is the New York Times. We are. Hes meeting us here. Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something. Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesnt try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts. Y'know what maybe its gonna be okay, I mean its been a week. No. Yes, yes, its just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross. Yeah, hes really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine. Oh my God! Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, Im, Im smoking still. Look, Im telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place. Yeahhh. Im tellin ya something, that ah, first smoke after nap time. Oh thats great, with my luck, thats gonna be him. Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism. Hey, shut up! Youre not my real Mom! Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window. Well, then, I might as well offer to stay. Well hes probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles. What? Beam me up Jesus. Okay, well, then, II have to go to the bathroom. Oh, come on, theres a rest stop right up there! Come on, I really have to goooo. Here we go. Okay, brace yourselves. Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no! My lighters in there! Damn! The tailpipes not hot enough to light this! Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning. Ladies, ladies, lets just compromise okay? Phoebe, Rachel take off Monicas bra. Well, I thought if I littered, that crying Indian might come by and save us. Okay, now lets decide who has the nicest ass. At least let me smoke it to the good part. I have the lung capacity of a two year old. Well its very unsettling. Oh no, now its not gonna make any sense! Oh, this is horrible, its just horrible. Its horrible. Y'know what, I can handle it, handles my middle name. Actually its the ah, middle part of my first name. Guys, guys, guess who I am?! I was being Shelly Winters from The Poseidon Adventure. Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one. Okay. No-no, why dont you hang on to that one. Okay, thats like the least fun game ever. Oh. Nope, that patch is no good. Or what my Father called Thursday night. Y'know, I wouldve bet good money that hed be the first one of us to get married. Always illegal Joe. If that doesnt keep kids in school, what will? Hi. Y'know, I forgot the combination to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any Chap Stick? Y'know what, pretty good. Good! I havent smoked yet today, I feel great, and-and-and confident, that is a stunning blouse. Thanks. What check thing? Pete Becker. Pete Is this him? Whos he huggin? This guy invented Moss 865! Every office in the world uses that program! There you go! What? Oh my God! Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you owe him anything. Okay, then get the lobster! Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately. Life-sized Imperial Storm Troopers from Sharper Image? Wow! Can Joey and I put them on and fight? Yeah, either that, or Gloria Estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you. Its possible. You are very loveable, Id miss you if I broke up with you. I was just trying to be supportive. If I broke up with you, Id miss you. And youre our age. Youre our age. Thats not a state Joe. Youre our age! I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesnt matter, I still wind up with this little cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. Its so annoying. Does it bug you? Is there any chance you didnt see that? Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You cant just stare through the peep hole for three hours! Youre gonna get peep eye! You didnt just break up. You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower! Okay. And the inventor of the door rests happily in his grave. Stop what?! No! You cant! I am your friend, and I am not gonna let you do this! You are surprisingly strong! Look man! Listen to me! Shes moving on! Okay, if its not this guy, its gonna be somebody else! And unless youre thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? Its over. Okay. I know. I dont think this town is big enough for both of us to relax in. Draw! I wasnt doing anything. Uh-oh, what did she do now? Ah, Sliced Bread, a wonderful Lady MacBeth. I think somebody has a crush on somebody. Im talking about you. You big, big freak. Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard youd be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now! Cause its-its not his last name. No, its not like, like Phil Spiderman. Hes a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but theres no Gold Man. So, ahh, what kind of powers would Gold Man have? What about things that are already gold? Okay, lets play my game now. Wait a minute, wait. Youre telling me this actress person is the only woman you ever wanted who didnt want you back?! My Grandmother used to say that exact same thing to me. Hey. Oh, thats-thats okay, no problem. Yes, I realise that. Thats the stuff! Thanks, its ah, Gaelic, for Thy turkeys done. So ah, Im gonna go, nice, nice meeting you. Hello. And is this in case the house sneezes? Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase. Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin out the ChanChan man! Yeah, she seemed cool, attractive. Ill do it. Hey, my Fathers house does that! Well, the movie was great, dinner was great, and theres nothing like a cool, crisp New York evening. Of course, I didnt get to enjoy any of that, because Joannas such a big, dull dud! Im telling ya, Joannas got it all wrong. Okay? All I said was, This was fun. Lets do it again sometime. Ill give you a call. Thats what you say at the end of a date. To her face? Look its the end of the date, Im standing there, I know all shes waiting for is for me to say Ill call her and its just y'know, comes out. I cant help it, its a compulsion. Multiple, so many paper cuts. Oh, well give me the phone then. Look, you cant call somebody after this long just to say, In case you didnt notice, I dont like you! Nooo! Shes really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye! All right! Fine! But its just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I dont want you setting me up with anybody ever again! Thats just a lot of big talk, y'know. Its not a big deal. Its, just its right here, and its all the time. Yes, this, this was pleasant. The food there was, was great. So take care. Well, this was great. Ill give you a call. We should do it again sometime. Noo! Look, Im sorry. Okay? Im weak, and pathetic, and sorry. Ahhhh-Im not going to call you. Im sorry. ImImIm sorry that I said I was going to when Im not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isnt Rachels fault. Its me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, mascara goop. And Im really sorry, its just that this is not, this isnt going to work out. Yeah, o-okay. Well this is great! Ill give you a call! We should do it again sometime! Hey. Oh, so thats why the priest threw holy water on me. Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate. Hey. No way! Oh my God! Whos gonna watch that?! Yeah. Thanks. So um, after you put the suggestion in the box, how long did it take for the roller skating thing to happen. Okay, so I guess thats about ah, two weeks before the topless thing kicks in. Hey! Okay. Its a chicken. Fowl? No. Women? Nooo. Easy Lenny. Okay, but this is the last time. With a chick-chick here, and a chick-chick there. Here a chick, there a chick, everywhere a chick-chick--chickeeeen. Hey. She? I dont know. I cant tell, what ever it was went back in too quickly. Excuse me? I stayed home from work today while you were at rehearsal so somebody could be here with our chick! You dont think I get up when you get up? Yes, here it comes! Im stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends? Well I dont think so mister! And you dont think taking care of our chick is work? I know what you meant! You notice that ever since we got this chick, weve been fighting a lot more than we used too? Ill take her back tomorrow. Hey! Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?! I know. See, yes. Thats Yasmine Bleeth, shes a completely different kind of chick. I love you both. But in very different ways. Hey! I did! But the store wouldnt take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out? If they cant find a home for her, they kill her! And Im not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine! Okay. And its not just chicks y'know? Its all kinds of other animals! Thanks, Im glad you see it that way. Ohhh-hoo, funny story! Okay! Now you stay out here, and you think about what you did! Thats a bad duck! Howd the thing go tonight, Ross? Okay, now when you come back I hope you remember that, that chick is not a toy! What did you do? Having a swim. Chicks dont swim. I dont know. Should we try it? See, I told you they dont swim. Noo! Oh, its okay, its okay, baby, baby, baby. Ye-e-es! Whos number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play. Bye! Yeah, and I dont have any cologne. Oh! Worm medicine for the duck. Hey! Can you take a duck and a chick to the theatre? Okay. I just wanted them to hear it from somebody else. There he is! Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw. I know. So thats the girl you like. Wait a minute, wait a minute, you dont like the guy Rachels dating? Well, thats odd. Could I borrow it? Oh-ho-ho-ho. 7:15. Watch doesnt work. Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, banging his hands together! Ross, dont. Ross! Ohh, thats a good one. Why dont you use ours across the hall, cause she,has, problems. Step away from the duck. And yet, shes still not hanging up the phone. Or. Dick. Was it like a sneeze only better? No! Whoa-heeeiii-iiiii-ah! Huh. No, it's, fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a. Okay, well, it's definite, two more weeks of winter. Hey! Well, y'know if Joey and I played with matches we could get you up to an even hundred. You're right, I know. Okay, how'd it go at the doctor's? Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples. Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean. Well sensitive is important, pick him. I-kea! This is comfortable. So, what do you thing the good news is? Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? Hes not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys thats like a third or fourth date kinda thing. Oh, so youre going with the teacher, huh? Everythings gonna be all right. Okay, Dick? Do you think that theres a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as youre driving into town theres-theres like a sign, and it says Youre in Sample. Yeah, its two guys in a ring, and the rules are: Theyre are no rules. Yes, but theres two in martini, so everybody back to my office. Oh its Bing, sir. Im sorry, I was just ah. All right buddy, way to go! Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal. Well, I didnt do anything. I didnt want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom. Yeah, I know, for a really great stew you just y'know, stick your head in between em. What if Joey were president? What is with him? Well, thats not true, he-he smacked you once. No sir. Hey! Which ones my turkey burger? Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, its gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow Im conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free. Excuse me, Doug? Hey there sports fan! No, I ah, I didnt do them. No, no I just ah, didnt do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly dont deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise. Doug! Im a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself. No, no. It-its not about the swearing, its more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock. Oh, and dont get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. Its just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, its making all the other guys jealous. Okay. Ahhhhh! Thank you, sir. No. No, not at all, thats-thats ridiculous. Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do! Run! Run you crazy, rich freak! So ah, your first sexual experience was with a woman?! Tell it again. Seriously. Me and Frank and Phoebe, Graduation 1965. You're not gonna die an old maid, maybe an old spinster cook. Hey now besides, if worst comes to worst, I'll be your boyfriend. Why is that so funny? Ha-ha-ha. A little to hard. What am I not ah, boyfriend material? Okay, so we've established my name, and hit me. But theoretically y'know, I mean say we weren't friends, say it's a blind date. I show up at your door, and I'm like Hey, nice to meet, ya. Hey, oh-hey. Hey! What a minute, I know that hat! I was taken aboard that hat! They did experiments on me! I can't have children! Buy it for ya, or win it for ya? Big bullies! Hey! Bored and bored! Yes! Okay, umm, we all have to play strip poker. So, you still don't think I'm boyfriend material? I saw you checking me out during the game last night. Yeah, well, lucky for you. I don't know. Oh, yeah, I don't know what they were doing, but at one point sea turtles actually came up to the house. Where ya going? Noo! I don't care! I'm not, I'm not gonna playing one-on-one strip poker with you for practice! Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don't need that kind've hurt. Take it from a guy who's never had a long term relationship. Ahhhh! Oh, ahh, no thanks, I just had an M amp M. There is not one hair on that head. Hi there. Okay! Okay! Let me try it again, you're gonna wanna date this next guy, I swear! Hi! I'm Dorf! You're date for the evening. Oh come on! Dorf on dating, that's good stuff! Hi there. Oh, I'll go out and get you some. Nope! Because I'm not your boyfriend. Hey Pheebs, how did it go? I found a dried up seashores. All right, there's a nuclear holocaust, I'm the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me? I've got canned goods. Excellent hole, Joe. Well, can we help?! You want us to take you back to the house?! We've got to do something! Y'know what, he's right. There's something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain. Me too! Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I'm gonna break up with you! Look, Ross, you have what you want, you're back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you're gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you. Hey! Phoebe! We can talk to Phoebe! I'll give you a thousand dollars to talk to us. They'll never understand! We were two miles from the house. Scared and alone. We didn't think we could make it. And then Joey remembered something. Joey kept screaming at me, Do it now! Do it! Do it! Do it now! Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming. Coffee house? I KNEW IT! We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked. Okay. All right. Wow! That ripped! That ripped real nice! You don't turn and slide, you throw it out! I'm tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed! All right, how about we, how 'bout we sell it. Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? They seem all right with it! Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land. Stunning entertainment center. Fine, fine Italian craftsmanship. You want it? Ahh, Gepeto, 5,000 dollars? Are you insane? All right look, I'm changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer. Nooo. I can't believe you don't know what I do for a living! Let it go! Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails. You'll have to pardon my roommate, he wanted to marry this. Y'know, I, I really don't think we need a canoe. All right, just, just take the entertainment center, and then when you get home, throw the canoe away! Y'know what, I think this might be one of the times he's wrong. Oh-no, he's right. I'm coming already! OH MY GOD! Are you all right?! What happened?! What the hell happened?! How were you locked in?! And where the hell is all of our stuff?! So-You got in voluntarily?! BEND OVER?! Oh, umm, Joey was born, and then 28 years later, I was robbed! Oh, they said uh, You don't have insurance here, so stop calling us. Pheebs, if she could come back as a couch, we'd really appreciate it. Oh no-no-no, Im, Im paddling away! Wow! Really?! We get all this rusty crap for free?! Could we be more white trash? Hey uh, Rach, funny story. I ah, bumped into Joanna on the street yesterday. Well, no, actually she uh, asked me if I wanted to get a drink. No. No! Well, not at first. Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level. Oh, come on! Its not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually Im pretty much just in there by myself. Okay, I promise, Ill end it. I hope you know what Im giving up for ya, because shes not just the boss in your office, if you know what I mean. It was like the Algonquin kids table. It just doesnt feel like were breaking up. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Im getting dressed. When I walk outside naked people throw garbage at me. What is it? Ah-ha, youre not the boss of me. Yeah, you are! Ooh, saucy. You are, youre gonna leave me like this? Okay. But if you dont come back soon, theres pretty much nothing I can do about it! Hi! How are you? Hello, Joanna s office. How little?! Look, this isnt funny! You get back here right now! Why not?! What?! Rachel, could I see you for a moment? Okay, heres the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit. I did break up with her! She just took it really, really well! It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out. No-no-no-no-no-no-no! I cant get myself right out of them! You must have me confused with the Amazing Chandler! Come on, you have to unlock me, she could be gone for hours, and Im cold, and. Never! Fine! I never borrowed your Walkman. You got it! Here we go! Come on! This is great! Ahhh! No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. Hello sweet pants! About what? Ill make something up! Im good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman! Oh-ho-ho, I dont think so! Well, this is much better. Hey, look, youre in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, shes gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go. It still wouldnt be clean. All I want is my freedom. Freedom! Freedom! I want my freedom! Why wont you here me?! Sophie, help me! Help me! Im gonna say this for the last time. Would you please just. No! With extra pulp? No! You dont have it. How do Monica and Phoebe know? Go on. And Milton Berle has a. Hello. I love you. Two hours, that lasted! I think so. Could there be more Kims? Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just doesn t say cool anymore. Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I ve missed the last 1200 times. You don t think I ve tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria. Oh Maria. You can t say no to her, she s like this lycra spandex covered gym treat. No! Oh no, you ll have to come. Why don t you just give him to somebody else? Because that s the only part of you he can see when he s on the table! Yes. Yes! No! I want a flabby gut and saggy man breasts! Okay. I wanna quit the gym. I wanna quit the gym. I wanna quit the gym. I wanna quit the gym. Hey. No, I almost did, couldn t leave Ross there without a spotter! We re doomed. Okay, they re gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do? You re a genius! Now, there s two reasons. Thank you, Joey. Hi. No, we d just like to close them. I wanna quit the bank! To pay for the gym. Hey. Yeah. Bunny-rabbit. Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty-she's pretty. I could die. I tell people secrets. It makes them like me. Hey! All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice? Wish me luck. Wish it! Hi. Hi, II was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that? Uh Kathy, with K or a C? Oh-oh-hey! Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here. Hey! Hey, hey-hey, hey. Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth. Hi! Jeez, at 2:30 in the morning, I didn't expect to have to fight over the remote. Oh my God! That's why I got up too! Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were. I never would've. So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class. That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him. Is it on? Hey! Oh! It's on! It's on! There we go little fella. Well the duck can swim. Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty. She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about-what? No, I don't. Thank you, Ross. All right. All right. Kathy! Kathy! Hi! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Fetch! Fetch it! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! Kathy. Oh, I just wanted to say, Hey! Okay. Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend. I don't know. I can't-I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler! Really?! Right in there! 99.100! Ready or not, here I come! All right, let's go over the concept one more time. Hey! Ohh, umm, y'know what, I already ate. Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week. You-you do? You got me. Yeah. Right. Okay. Ohh, she's-she's not really my type. Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings. Uhh, no-no thanks. Listen, II'm gonna grab a beer. What? Hey, look, what do you want from me? I am pretending. Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first! Can I sleep on your couch? Ross and the most beautiful girl in the world. Where did you, when did you, how did you. How did you get a girl like that? Okay, but that's, like, the easiest era. Hi. You guys have any wrapping paper? Phebes, it was your birthday, like, months ago. Well, I have a call in about that. Actually, this is for Kathy's birthday. It's an early edition of her favorite book. Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils. Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers, called a couple of the author's grandchildren. It doesn't say that. Does it? Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great. It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway. Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday? Sure. I don't know, um, Grease? Rent? Okay, so when do you want to go? Yes, it is, at Office Max. A pen. Huh-huh! You can't give her that. Because she's not eleven! And it's not the seventh night of Hanukkah! All right, look, look. What did, what did you get for Angela Delveccio for her birthday? For three years? All right. I will go out and I will try to find something for her, okay? Would you like me to write her a little poem as well? Okay, all right. I just spent the entire afternoon looking for a present for Kathy that would be better than the rabbit. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called Invisible things for Kathy. Can you give me a hand with all this stuff? She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her. Yeah? You don't think it's just pathetic? Where? I got something for her. It's a book! No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just, let me know if she likes it, okay? No, it came out to an even twenty. Hey, how'd it go? How'd she like the gift? Oh yeah? That's great! Aahhuuhhh. Hey! Happy birthday. No he didn't. Happy birthday! I'm sorry. See, you think it's just a pen, but then you turn it over and it's also a clock. Oh, yeah, yeah. Goodnight. Oh, uh, yeah. I just knew that sometimes when you're writing, you, you don't always know the exact time. Uh, the book? What do you mean? Uhl.ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, Uhl, ell. Oh, yeah, he's my, he's my best friend. Goodnight. I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture! It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it s bad enough that I m in love with my roommates girlfriend which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we re in the room together there s this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I ve seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she s smooth! Smooth! HeyHeyHey! Who was that? Goin out, huh? Wow! Wow! So things didn t work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer. What? Wait! You re going out with Kathy! Well, I m upset for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you. Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she s-she s smart, and funny, and gets you. All right look, I think it s time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane. All right! Bring it on, you. Oh my God! Play! Really, bitchin! You mean like, music? Yeah, I know what you re thinkin! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy. Come in! Uh yes, but uh, I just watch it for the articles. No-no, he s not back yet, but he ll be here any minute. So uh, come on in. Have a seat. Bow or stern? I like it in the stern. of the boat. Hello. What happened? Why can t you tell her? Joey! Joey! I thought your time ran out. Uhh, that was Joey. He s running a little late, he says he s sorry. So I guess it s just uh, you and me then. Yeah, I think it is! Oh, I had an appointment to get my haircut. and then it got canceled. Really?! You do that? Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don t make my tail too poofy. Well, thanks. I grow it myself. Y know who also has great hair is Joey! What-what cha doin? Kay. Oh the phone! The phone s making sounds! Hello! Hey it s Joey! What? Okay. Oh yeah man. Joey. Yeah. Yes! Yeah. Oh. No-no-no-no, this is bad! It s bad! This is bad! Wait the uh, the kiss or the situation? Okay! Ooh! Yes! Okay! Here s what we do, we-we forget it happened. Okay, we-we swallow our feelings. Even if it means we re unhappy forever. Sound good? I have to he s my best friend, and you re seeing him. Oh-no-no-no! Don t! Don t! See-see, you re getting me confused, I m starting to urn. II think we have too. Bye. Are you still out there? Hang on buddy! I sure did. Well, I just thought it d make me feel good to do something nice for my friend. Oh no-no-no. This is amazing. Well, y know I m 29. I mean who needs a savings account. Oh, I don t know. You mean with Casey. Or Casey. Could be Casey. Consider Casey. That all the pieces of my life are falling right into place! I kissed Kathy. No. Is there anyway, anyway you think he ll understand this? Oh, don t say that! Don t say that. That s not true. Is it? Then why didn t you tell me to do that?! God! What am I gonna do?! Why?! Why do I have to tell him?! Yeah, I know. Hey! Is that a real thing? Listen ah, Joe, II need to, I need to talk to you about something. It s-it s about Kathy. Umm, uh, I like her. I like her a lot actually. Yeah. What? Oh uh, when? Oh man, I am so sorry. Are, are you okay? Yes, but II uh, don t have too. Yeah? Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do. See uh, that s-that s actually what I wanted to talk to you about. II think I know who the other guy is. It s me. I m the other guy. Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and. No! No! No! I just kissed her. How is that worse?! Look, I m sorry! But there s nothing I can do, I think I m in love with her! You re right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line. Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me! Probably because. Hey, it's me. I know you can't stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I'd try and apologize over the phone. All I. Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I'm. Aww, turkey! Aww, giving thanks! Aww! They couldn't be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me. Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, 'cause I wanna trade for her. Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly? Oh that's not true! That's not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it. Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R. G. put on it. Her initials. Op, y'know what though, it's kind've a girlie briefcase. Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start! Thanks. Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts. Well maybe you should put some ice on it. He's really picky about his patients. All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it. Oh y'know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you. I don't know R. G, I was thinking something girlie for your office. Oh no-no-no, you don't want to do that, then you're gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets. Like? When was the last time you saw her wear it? Big dog? I walk into a room and he won't even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words. Hey Joe. Hey! I'm sorry! That, where are you going? Oh, uh, when-when are you coming back? What?! Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing her? Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I justI just screwed up! All right look, if you're not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all! What? All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. What? Sounds like a really bad idea to me. The meaning of the box is three fold. One, it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two, it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three, it hurts! Air hole! Air hole! How do ya do. What happened? What happened?! Gotcha! Sorry! Okay, okay, you got it! You can't tell, but I'm trying to break the tension by mooning you guys! You're right, and I'm sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won't say another word tonight. Absolutely! So? Yeah? Man, this is. Our eyes are closed and we're about to cross the street. Very good. Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party? No-no, I don't think you heard me. Are you ready to party?! Kathy's with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude! I'm gonna call and get off work tomorrow! This is gonna be soo cool, dude, we never party anymore! Oh man! I am so excited, I may vomit! Look you don't understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y'know you're never know what's gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia! Oh yeah, it's beautiful country up there. It's not gonna be exactly like last time. Whoa-wh-wh-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Hello. It's Gandolf! So, are you in town? Oh, well, well maybe next time then. He's not gonna make it, he's stuck in Chicago. Stupid, useless Canadian money! Yeah, and II gave first names to all of the foosball players. Oh-no, y'know with Gandolf we'd be out all night! And may-maybe we could end up on a boat again? All right! Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face? Well, those were seals, man. Yeah, all right. Actually, me too. Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud? Y'know what? We're not sad, we're not sad, we're just not 21 anymore. Y'know? I'm 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour! Oh, yeah! How did you meet her? Were you so late because you were burring this woman? How can she be great if she's from Poughkeepsie? That joke would've killed in Albany. Hey, look at this! They're lighting the big Christmas tree tonight. All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can't believe I missed it. Really?! I didn't think girls ever just wanted a fling. Y'know what? There's some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up? Well, I have a girlfriend, I'mI'm happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy. Oh and Ross was like what? A lion tamer? Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who's boss. Yes. I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? Og-ee-op, I'm not asking for me, I'm, I mean, No, I'mI'm not gay, I'm not asking you out. I'm notI'm notI'm not gay! See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up. Oh, y'know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a fling, that might be all right with Rachel. Oh, by the way, that is her full name. Oh well, that's uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure! Well, I don't really know what that is, but let's! Hello, children! Have I got the 50 guys for you! Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They're buying me drinks! They're giving me stuff! Knicks tonight? Wherever! I've got like 20! Y'know what, I'm gonna uh, play the field just a little more. Guys are signing over their 401K's to me? Yes. Okay, there's this one guy, Patrick, I think you're gonna like him, he's really nice, he's funny, he's a swimmer. Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards. See, I'm not bad at this fixing up thing, huh? Oh, he works in the Fine Foods division. It's a big company, I don't, if you, I. Oh yeah! With who? Yeah. Hey, man! Well, like father, like son. Really?! II thought you weren't looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling. Ummmmm, no. Why not?! I'd be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get, oh I see. Oh, y'know, y'know what Pheebs? I'm not Jewish, so. Bad dream? Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe's song about? Prague? I did! I absolutely did! I'm sure you're right, but why? Oh, man. I'm sorry, I'm so-so sorry. I know! I know! Well, y'know, you're-you're gonna meet somebody! You're a great catch! Y'know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn't have to lie once. Yeah! You graduated Magma Ku Laude, right? Oh, it doesn't matter. Hey, y'know what, I've got two tickets to tonight's Rangers game, you wanna come with me? Well, actually it's a hockey team, so it's angry Canadians with no teeth. Have you ever been with a woman? So there is no good time to ask that question. I don't know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black. Blue blazer back. He, he wants it back. Well, you, you know what I meant. So what job did you get Joe? You're going to carry their child and get them a Sony Play Station? Oh, yeah, sure. It's not mine anyway. It came with the pants. Yes. Right where? Yeah, you've, you've got to love the talking. Oh, we haven't had sex yet. Okay, but what's the big deal, you know? This is special, and I want our love to grow, before we move to the next level. No, he's right, I'm totally lying. Well, Kathy's last girlfriend was Joey. No, I'm afraid I won't be able to make love as well as him. Yes and I was saying the actual words. We share a wall. So either he's great in bed or she just liked to agree with him a lot. Yeah? All right, all right, I'll sleep with my girlfriend. But I'm just doing it for you guys. Hey. Why's Phoebe singing to Karl Malden? Yes, yes, we had the sex. It was fine, you know, but she didn't agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, uh, Oh, I see your point. I'm all right with it. Look, you have to help me, okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman. I know where everything goes. It's always, nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to My God, somebody's killing her in there! You don't have to draw an actual wo - Woah, she' hot. There are seven? That's one? Oh, you know what, I was looking at it upside down. And that's bad? Well you might if it were anything like seven. You! Well the vet seems to think that's she's becoming a rooster. We're getting a second opinion. Oh, I can uh, check that for ya. I can check that for ya. Well, we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers. And you, Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel's bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there. Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag. Stop that now! Yes! Diet soda. Orange juice. Oh-oh, oh, oh-oh! I got it! Scotch tape. Well, we used there's up last night making scary faces. All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it. Fears and Pet Peeves. His legs flail about as if independent of his body! She has a real name. Althea?! What are you doing?! Are you sure it was Althea?! Nice shooting! Actually, it's Miss Chinandolor Bong. Unfortunately that is correct. I majored in lightning rounds. All right, we're gonna destroy you. Well, I'm so confused as to what we've been doing so far? Say 200? All right, hold on! If you win, we give up the birds. But if we win, we get your apartment. Okay. Dangerous Liaisons. Oh! Fancy. Fancy guest. Thanks man. You can't just call Monica's room. Oh, I would never bet this apartment. It's too nice. Hey! Yeah, but I bet it works. Well believe it baby! I knew it! Cool, girl roommate. Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us! What?! What-what is it?! I can't believe we live here! Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play! I know! Wow! She looks great. Doesn't she? Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?! Yeah, it's like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me 32 to see it! I'm totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they're gonna go to their cast parties and he's gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it'll be like, So where's your boyfriend, what's-his-name, Chester? And she'll go, No-no-no, it's Chandler. And he'll go, Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha! All right, look, look, what am I gonna do? Really? So uh, man, are you gonna go to the play with me tonight? Yeah, I know but. Okay, okay, but don't worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I'm fairly certain are the same thing. I'm right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there's no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means! Come on, it was like cousins having sex up there! Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you're having sex with him. Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two! Y'know, II could see how this could happen, y'know you're up there every night, you're naked, touching, kissing. Well, you can understand, given how we started. Well, that is what happened, and I don't even see you denying this! Yeah, well, don't expect that to happen anytime soon! Steps! Slut! You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy! I confronted her, and she didn't deny it! I don't live here! Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie's! Yes! See you and I have always been like, Did she call? All right, maybe I should call her. Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong? Well y'know, what if she didn't actually sleep with the guy? She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross! That's not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat. Oh my God! Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I'm sorry. Y'know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset. Yeah, I know, II wish I had too, but y'know II think this is a good thing. Y'know? 'Cause we've had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y'know, I know for me, Nick's pants? Yeah. Well, I think our second fight is going to be a big one! Well, she wasn't sleeping with him. She is now. I'm saying that she is a devil woman! Y'know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don't hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really. Because, II should've called! Y'know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would've gone out with Nick, and they would've ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples! You don't have to stop having fun just because I'm here. Kathy didn't cheat on all of you. Well, except you. Would you give me one minute! Please. Y'know, I can't believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I'm never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants! That's right! Where are the guys? I'm ready to get drunk and see some strippers. They got a breakfast buffet. Ooh, let me talk to him! Well, can I just. She's shhing me! It's my phone and she's shhing me! Ow! Maybe, she doesn't hit him all the time. Okay, I'm going to go stand over there. So y'know, uh, when's he getting back? Y'know, I knew something like this was going to happen. Yes you can. You're thinking about time, you can't go back in time. No you can't. You don't want to be guys, you'd be all hairy and wouldn't live as long. Okay. No thanks, Mom! Ahh, come on! Y'know what, y'know what, I think I'm just gonna go home and call Kathy. No! That was a test! In a couple of hours I'm gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me! And then after that, I'm gonna get so drunk, I'm gonna wanna call Janice. Ohhh! Oh yeah, that was great. Thanks to you, the hottest cocktail waitress there is quitting to teach the third grade! All right, well I'm gonna put my sweats back on. Yeah? Stripping! Okay, look, I'm gonna have to ask you all to leave. Look, forget it. We tried, but Phase Three is a lost cause, Okay? Those strippers were insanely hot, and I couldn't picture myself with any of them. Phase Three! I just achieved Phase Three! I am totally picturing you with all those women! Well, I'm there too! Stop it! You're killing me! I think I just moved on to Phase Four! Where I don't want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with strippers and my friends! Come on, let me see that smile. Please? I know, I know, but you're gonna have plenty of chances. There are literally thousands of women out there just waiting to screw me over. All right ladies, here's what we're gonna do. You are gonna take off my clothes. You two, go get the oils. And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, Chandler's the king! Chandler's the king! Oh, that's fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts. Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment! What do you want from me, I've never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I'm sorry you can't stay, but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. What are you doing? All right, listen, I've got to wake up! You said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here! That's a mailman! That's our mailman! Hi. How are ya? Hey, you know who used to have nails like that? Hello! Isn't this amazing? Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye. B-bye! Bye. I can't stand the woman! Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality. Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones! Don't worry about it. I'm taking care of it tonight. Well, I don't have to break up with her this time. We're not involved! I'm going to do a pre-emptive strike! I'm going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen! Yes, II know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River. Okay, we have to talk. I'm just getting out of a very serious relationship. Right! I just think that this is happening too soon. I hear ya. But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas! No! No! Not, Paris. Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? Yemen. That's right, yes, I'm being transferred to Yemen! I don't know exactly. But I do know that it's some time tomorrow. Y'know uh, you didn't really have to help me pack. Well, II thought I did but, II guess I did not! Oh, I'm packing. Y'know I'mI'm packing 'cause I'm moving to Yemen tomorrow. I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her. Okay. Joey, trade lives with me! Thanks! Y'know you, really didn't have to take me to the airport. Well, we're really not that close. Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then. Okay. Then I guess it's just, wait here then. Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen. Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket. What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with? No. All right, y'know what, she's gonna think that I'm handing you a credit card, but what I'm really gonna do is hand you a library card. American Express? Well, II guess I gotta go. Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel. Okay, good-bye. Good-bye. No! Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane! Well, I then guess I'm going to Yemen! I'm going to Yemen! When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you? Wow! Pregnancy does give you some weird cravings. What are you writing? Oh yeah? Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you never go out of style, what did you throw away? Hi guys! Without me?! Yes, but in Rosss case, they both know in two weeks thats it. Maybe thats because soy-burgers suck! What are you talking about? Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there? Like what? I said, Like what? Does for me. Flashdance. She was a welder. What are the odds? What are the odds? Okay. Theres a Phoebe on my sandwich! Hey. Oh-ho, yeah! Treegers snaking the shower drain. Hey! Do we pay for this? Maybe we shouldnt pay our phone bill free phone sex. Yeah, Joey just pressed something on the remote and it just, came on! Like finding money with naked people on it! We dont know what could make this go away. And no one touches the air around the TV! We still have porn. Or a job where you dont have to carry a table. Its the theme from Good Will Humping. Oh-oh, yeah, and did he also say that ah, some of the dialogue was corny and that he actually found it was funny and not sexy? They dont really talk to us about that kind of stuff. I can get you some free white out though. Whoa-whoa, wait a minute, did you say, you love her? All right look, forget it, forget it. You told her you love her, its over. What? Okay. Good one. Hi! Listen, can we watch cartoons on your television? We need a porn break. We spent the last two hours watching In amp Out amp In, Again. Because then we would be the guys who turned off free porn. Pregnant Woman Slays Four? Whats the second part of your plan? You put your fist through the wall? A place where no one will ever get out alive? Are we in London? Hey. I was just at the bank, and there was this really hot teller, and she didnt ask me to go do it with her in the vault. What, no, Nice apartment, I bet the bedrooms are huge? Yknow what, we have to turn off the porn. All right, ready? Two. Yeah, thats kinda a relief. You wanna see if we still have it? FREE PORN! We have free porn here! Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum. All right. Wouldnt that be Frank the III? Hey! Do we have a baby name yet? Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid. Hey, yknow what, if youre gonna do that, if youre gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. Oh, come on! Chandlers funny, sophisticated, and hes very loveable, once you get to know him. Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, hell be there. And hell bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that youre really hot. Hey! And now youre giving me the message! You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan? Hi! Hi! Youre crazy! Okay? This is Emily. Emily is straight. Raymond Chandler. Okay, there are no famous Joeys. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco. Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, hell never be President. Theres never gonna be a President Joey. Wow, youre, youre right. I have a horrible, horrible name. Okay. No, no, youre right, it is a ridiculous name! Yes it is! From now on, I have no first name. I have no name. Okay uh, for now, temporarily, you can call me, Clint. Okay, so what name am I cool enough to pull off? Its Clint. Its Clint! Its Clint! Clint! Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John? All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse. Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, its probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women. So, as of 4 oclock tomorrow, Im either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson. Really?! Okay. Thanks. You wanna hug it out? Yay! Okay! Bye, Pheebs! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ho! Ho! Ho! Your pants! Santa pants. Santa Clauss pants. Uhh, a T-shirt that says, I dont belong here. Yeah we do! Are you serious? Forget it! Okay, Im not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats! No. But uh, Joey has, and I usually talk to them in the morning time. Yes, Gunther, can I get two cups of chino, please? Forget it! Okay, Im not giving up the apartment. Oh my God! You do know that Wham broke up? Where is Emily? Man, didnt she like just get here? Easy tiger. So what are you going to do? Are you serious? Because youve only known her for six weeks! Okay, Ive got a carton of milk in my fridge Ive had a longer relationship with! And I love the milk! But, Im not gonna have some British girl to move in with me! Joey, you say things now. Okay, no problem, just remember to wake us up before you go-go. No thank you. Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we cant leave in the small apartment after weve lived here! Didnt you ever read Flowers for Algernon? Look, the only way I will even consider this is if they offer a lot more than just season seats. Screw the Knicks! I didnt mean that. I just meant that the apartment is worth so much more. And the Knicks rule all. No. No. Were not gonna do that, yknow why? Because its not an even trade. No! Op, op, Im convinced! All right, but you cant use that again for a whole year. Im in. Okay! Fine, lets do it. Okay, you guys uh, you guys pick first. Thats a low one! Why are you screaming and hugging? Yeah baby! Tickets please! Thats courtside baby! No they didnt! Those were like the best seats ever. Oh yeah, thats very nice. Plus, yknow they were free and theyre too small. Oh. Oh, God! I KNOW! Open up! Open up! Open up! What the hell is going on?! We are switching back, right now! Well, youre gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, were switching it back! Theres nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe? What? I dont care, this is our apartment! And they stole, you stole it, our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. Im getting back right now! Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You cant offer anything to us! Totally worth it! Good night. Okay! Oh, well, thats great! Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Oh. Oh, did-did-did I wake you? Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? So uh, what do you do when youre not working here? Oh, okay, thanks. Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because Im exhausted! Because Joey started snoring! Its not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic! They dont have those. Next time you snore, Im rolling ya over! Hey, all right! Oh, shes got you running errands, yknow, picking up wedding dresses. Wah-pah! Yknow, whipped! Wah-pah! Thats what I did. Wah-pah! All right buddy, time to roll over. No-no! No, no-n-n-n-no! You are going to a clinic! Youre going to a clinic, and a pyjama store! Its 6:00. Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think thats, I think thats really cool. What? Yeah, well, I dont dance at weddings. Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this, Hey! Nothing. Yes he did. Hey, check out that girl! She is really hot! Youre coming on to the entire room! Im Chandler. Hi. You mind if I. So uh, what are you in for? What a coincidence, I listen in my sleep. Hello! Little ones. Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me. Because Im cooler. Well shes, shes the kinda girl, Joey was unconscious. Plus, you look cool. Yknow what? It seems like all of the sudden so much has happened. Phoebe is, making people. And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge! No-no, not something stupid, something huge. Why not?! I mean its just, its just climbing! Its just, its just steep! Were going to Everest! Okay, it would be nice to leave an ass print on Everest! Yeah baby! Yeah, well? Yeah, we could do that without yknow risking our lives at all! Oh, well. Yeeeeahhhh. But Ill tell you something. One of these days were get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again! And I just want a million dollars! Uh-oh. She was not good. Not good. Uh-oh. Hello! Noo. I didnt know that. See, maybe thats the one we shouldve actually hidden. This isnt one of those uh, yknow If she doesnt come, we-we dont, we dont come? Right? Because I already bought my ticket. Oh, that's Ross's. Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck? F-hah, flennin. I KNEW IT! Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you? All right, check it out. Check this out. It says here that theres a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums! Its almost as good as being there. Well, You could, but, probably just the one time. If we do that, we gotta get Die Hard. Hey. Yes! Yes! A thousand times, yes! Oh, it's awkward. It's awkward. It's awkward. You can be the best man when I get married. Oh no-no-no, you, yeah, of course you get to be my best man. I'm not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for. I'm not even. I'm not even. Hey guys, what are you doing? Yeah, well, good luck trying to top the last one. Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut I'm too. See ya. Ross exits, and Chandler moves over next to Joey, He just said, No strippers. Okay, a little. Central Perk? Okay, okay, a little. What? Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this. You slept with the stripper? Hey! So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable? Gives Joey a. So you might say, it's a magic ring. Well, I think it all started when you said, Hey Joey, why. Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and. You be cool. He opens the door and lets her in as. Way to be cool, man. Marry me. He will, Joe. Hey, come on, it's not your fault. No, you should. Really? Thanks man. What a baby. Six-hour trip to London. That's a lot of Monica. You got your passport? There it is. All right! Let's do it! Okay, 'cause that's not gonna get annoying. Hey, y'know what? I was wrong. Hey! Oh. Goes and gets Phoebe's book as Rachel comes in from her. Here you go Phoebe! Here you. I am, I'm ignoring you. Oh, what the hell is that? Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it! Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way. I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of. To Put the Camera Away! Well, I don't have to buy that, I'm with stupid T-shirt. All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? How can I answer that when I'm pretending I don't know you? Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them? All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, Okay, wait. All right, that's it, okay, I'm out of here. I am. Hey. No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were. Yeah? That's, That's was. How did you? How? How? I'm gonna go to the bathroom. That was pretty intense huh? I hope he did! Joey, it's been three days, okay. Your just a little homesick, I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will. And I'm sure we're all very excited that. Out loud? So how are you doing? The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's. Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me. Ahh, you know what? That is. Who wouldn't want you? Morning, Ross. Yeah you are! Well I'veI've never done that with you before. So, ahh, how are ya? How ya. How ya. You okay? Yes. Yes. Uh-huh, You? We. Oh yea yea, absolutely. I don't want to look. Hey. I'm not seeing Monica. What? Oh my god! No! Okay! What's with the third degree?! Why don't you just. Oh yea, your right. It's the second one. What we did last night was. Totally crazy stupid. I'm coming over tonight though, right? It could've been worse, he could've shot her. Hey. Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship. Seven times! In a foreign, romantic country. Bad London! Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it. Y'know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs. Okay! Forget it, that's off. The man's got a point. Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, Yippee! just ignore me. Oh, hello Rachel. Yes, we do. But, we have to change first. Yeah, we'll be down in like five minutes. Oh, yay! Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room? Wow, you look. Well, I've got a girl in here. Well, we're-we're hanging out in here! Well, I suppose I'd have to say you! But, what if we're watching a movie in here? Well, Ross and Emily aren't gonna use it. Oh MonMonMonMon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn't get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser. Okay! Nope, not under here! Well, you couldn't have looked everywhere or else you would've found her! Yeah, for about 30 minutes. Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice. Yeah, we're gonna go. Yeah, it's a very large plane. But, we'll stay here with you. We have to leave for New York in an hour. We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it. Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. Y'know, technically we still are over international waters. 'Kay! Uhh, no. No. Yes. Okay man. Hey! No we didn't! Yes! Good thing we have that, 'Not in New York' rule. Right. Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay? And I'm cute too. Thank you! All right, I gotta go unpack. Bye. I'm still on London time, does that count? Oh, good! Ehh, you're just liquored up. I've had a very long, hard day. Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then. For the last time no! Get out! Get out, Joey! Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken. Hey Joe! Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some coleslaw, some beans, and a Coke-Diet Coke. Hey, Pheebs! Uh, The Wheat Sheaf. Ooh! Ahh, Pheebs, was gonna tell a story. I can't believe she can out run you man! Oh, Ross, when you make out card be sure to make it out to, EMILY. Oh that's not true. Okay, I gotta go to work. And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back. Pheebs! Always a pleasure. All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we? I got caught up and work, but I'm quitting tomorrow. So, thanks for having me over! Rach. Pheebs. Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea. I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group. Hey, Pheebs! Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little, Y'know, it didn't have any. It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City! Atlantic City! Pheebs! We have to take you to the hospital now! I know, it's beautiful. Amazing. Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex. No. Okay. That's right. Oh no. Okay. Hey! You okay? Did he just say, he loves Fonzie? All right! Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2 financing. Really? Male nurses? So they're going on dates? When? This-this Fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor? All right. Oh-hey-hey-hey! There you are! Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around. Fine! Maybe I will too! So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it? Oh. Sure. And listen, thanks for doing that for us, by the way. Hey, how 'bout it? You, me, Saturday night? All right. Very good. Bye, momi-moo. Yes! Oh God, kindergarten flashback. Okay, keep saying it! So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man? Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary. Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this. Really? Okay, so. Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay? Right! So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her? That's kind of a masculine name, don't you think? Ha-ha-ha -enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper! Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux! Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs. Uhh, yeah. She uh, she uh, she uh might've mentioned him. Yeah, I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet. Really?! That's what you heard? You said that? Because I'm very happy for him! And you, you lucky dog! Yes! Hey, Monica? Can I ask you a cooking question? If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard? Why?! I mean if this guy was me and it was me who had learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had, I'd be going like this. Yes! Well, you can't just not see Rachel anymore, she's one of your best friends. That's true! That's true! Hey, there he is! There he is! How many times have I told you guys, you never watch the cooking channel! Hey! Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars. Expect it in 4-6 weeks. Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves. Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had. Why? What's your point? Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best. I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OHMYGOD. Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex! Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on. Yeah, why don't we lose the gloves. All right, let's show them how it's done. Y'know that wasn't part of it? Nope. Hi! Uhh, 9. I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time. Yeah, I can say that I have a conference and you can say you have a chef thing. Okay, y'know your not though. Let's go. I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference. What's going on? Uh, hey! We're flipping Monica's mattress. Aww, man! Oh yes, somebody just said, Can you hear anything? Condoms? And condoms are the way to do that? I can't believe it! We're here! Oh, you should live with Joey, Roll-os everywhere. Oh yes! Monica, get in here! There's a high-speed car chase on! Oh dear God, they gave us glasses! Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed! Okay, great. Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do! What? Why? Uh-huh. Yeah. I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch-have a perfect, magical weekend together with you. Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming! Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun? Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms? Do not speak ill of the dead. I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom. I said, Geez, relax Monnnnn. Damn Rollos! Hey. It was terrible. I fought with my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this? Uh, no, I got to see Donald Trump waiting for an elevator. Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea. Monica. Okay, fine, 300. Yeah, just think of it as 25 per room! Hi! Okay, Ross is in the bathroom. Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together. Hey! Yes that was mine. Yes that would have made more sense. Hey! I just came over to drop off nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh? So, I guess this is over. Well, y'know, you and me, it had to end sometime. Because of the weekend, we had a fight. So, this isn't over? Really? Okay. Great! We're in a relationship? Okay. Joey, can I talk to you for a second? Yes. Yes. It happened in London. The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it. No-no-no-no-no! You can't! Fun's over! Aren't you supposed to be at an audition for another hour? Sorry. Hello! Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. That didn't happen, I made that up! Okay, but don't you think this is a little extreme? Yeah I know, we're losing Ross, Joey said hence. You're on in 5 Ms. Minnelli. So you're really okay with this? Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum. Okay, what is in here? Rocks? So, rocks. Look, we just think that maybe she's being a little unreasonable. Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened. Well, I think it's very brave what you said. Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing? Uh, Ross? Yeah, we are so sorry. Hi! Oh yeah, there-there she is! Are you looking at naked tribe's women? That's a pig. Hey! What?! How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease? Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair! He thought you said gonad. Love what you've done with the place. Oh yeah! Oh, the tears are real. What are you doing? You built a fort didn't ya? Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was. I hate this thing! Hello children! Okay. Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand? You mean this. All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him! Okay. No-no-no-no! Okay, so he's out of here. Well, III'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings? Not even on page 7? What about that circled one? Yes, it is. There we go! Let's go quicker. Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub. Yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks. It's a kitchen slash bathroom. We are bad people. Yes that was a nice place! Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag! What are we gonna do? About Ross! Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. Well, who doesn't love dogs? Ah, he's a tap dancer! Yes, some would say that is a lost art. He's a pimp! There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! Hello? Ohhhhh! 98. 99. 100. Okay, go! Here we go! Here we go! Hey! You're kidding, no! Yeah! Yes! Ross, you have to stay! All right, buddy! Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much? All right! Isn't this a woman's hat? That's sweet, Joey. Are you aware that you're still talking? No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me. It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family. Really? Worse than, More turkey Mr. Chandler? It's exactly like it sounds. Arghhh! I'm over here big guy. You did look like an idiot. Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians. Okay. Well, as long as the pilgrims didn't eat it, I'm in. Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef. Emotional Knapsack? Right on! Oh! Uh, but, dont take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez. Dude, don't do that too me! No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister. I called you fat?! I don't even remember that! I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud! I am really sorry. That is so terrible. I am so, so sorry. We wanna hear Monica's Thanksgiving story! Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look. Oh my God! You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body! Sorry! Sorry. Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year. Okay. Are you all right? What? Without my toe?! I need my toe! That's why I lost my toe?! Because I called you fat?! That's why for an entire year people called me Sir LimpsALot?! Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail. I can't believe this. Yeah, well, sorry doesnt bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later. Yeah, just leave me alone for a while. Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, Quack, quack! Im happy all the time! Nice try. Look, Monica. This is not going to work. You are so great! I love you! Nothing! I said, I said You're so great and then I just, I just stopped talking! No I didn't! No I didn't! No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Top of the world? Dock of the bay? I'm out. Well, they're Joey's! They gotta be Joey's! See? They're Joey's! JJJJJJoey's! Yeah! All this lying has been hard on us too. Well, yeah actually. I know it sounds really weird, but we're just so bad at relationships. Help! Hi, Pheebs! I didn't know you were taking a class. That is so cool. Well, what did the police say? Ross, it's just a sandwich! Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay? Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie? What is going on here? Yeah. No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your adult film class. Oh. I don't know. Hey. You're naked in this picture! Ross? Which I may say, right now, is out of control. And you're okay with that? Oh no! No! No! No! All right, look! Look. I think I can explain this. Joey's a sex addict. Well let's let's see what everybody thinks of that? Are you sure Joe? Are you sure you're not just a sex addict? Hello, Chandler Bing. Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me! Its been six months! Its not funny! Leave me alone! For the love of God, leave me alone! The British are coming? Ohh. Why? Yes! Chandler Bing, 7! Chandler Bing, 0. Okay, I'll stop. You wanna play? Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home. I'm intrigued. Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back. Do you even remember which part of the wall is not spackle? Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid. Op! Op! Guys, come on! Let's go! The puck drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe! Well, why can't you do them tomorrow? Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done. The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed. Oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk? I paid for those tickets! Oh yeah! When did that happen to you?! Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging. Okay, bye! Oh my God! I don't believe they're brother and sister. Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day? Great! Now, we can go to the Ranger game! Last night! Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY! All right. What is up? No, it was me. I'm sorry. I over reacted. Could I be more sorry. I'm sorry too. I am sorry, Ross. This took you all day?! We're very happy for you. We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know. Happy New Year! Do you want us to leave the room, or? That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths. I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the new thing you do that day! And it starts right now! Nice! Elizabeth Hornswoggle? Horn-swoggle. No. No, I just think that maybe II'd heard it somewhere before. What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular. Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants? Someone comment on the pants! That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. Maybe there's something in that area. Oh come on! Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname? Oh my God! Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty. Yep. Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross,there was a phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?! Sorry man. Did they teach you that in your anger management class? Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party. I know, I can do this. I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, this is Monica. This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica. No, sir. What? Oh, that was my work laugh. Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too. Okay. Hey! Everybody at work loved you last night! And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet. Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at bigger rocks. Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet? Okay, good luck with that. Okay, easy Martina. I think we should let them win the next game. Let them win one. You're not even giving them a chance! Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro? Please let them win! Oopsey, missed it! Long! Yeah, at least you hid your feelings well about it. It was my racquet. If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night. Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight. Just a little bit of sugar. Oh, you get used to it. So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal? Oh. What? Well, II just didn't think it was funny sir. Well, I just. Really? I think I do! Thank you, Monica. Coffee in a fight! All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?! But we're not ready to tell yet! Man, she is really gullible. Okay. Why would I be mad? I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you. I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free! And, I want you to remember that I gave you twenty seven dollars. No strings attached. Now, if you can't remember that, I think we should write it down let's write it down! Oh! Look at that, time's up! My turn! It's your timer. All right, then massage me up right nice! Ah! Ahh! Ahh! It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it! Good-bye muscles! I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just. I didn't know what it was! Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth. And the bunny got away. And you're gonna make them all disappear. Done. Hey. Hey! Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani! Pulling flowers out it makes the bag look a lot more masculine. Oh my God! And a date with a man! Yes, he is! I'm sorry but, ow-owww-owww! Hey, is Rachel here? Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? II really like 'em. I don't like your massages. Okay, but now see you're crying! What? It's okay, you don't have to be the best at everything. Okay, you give the worst massages in the world. Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, Who's the best of that? They'd have to go to you. Oh, it would be you! You! Monica! And you'd get all the votes! Absolutely! Yeah! Hey man, how did the audition go? Oh my God! Oh, hey! Yeah umm, they're called wallets. And we're done with the chicken fried rice. Or we can do the actual telephone thing. Hello children! Hey. Really? Well, I try to y'know, squeeze things. Are you okay? Phoebe, it's me. You can tell me anything. What's going on? Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny. Y'know that is a popular opinion today I must say. The weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me. I'm telling you I think Phoebe thinks I'm foxy. Ow! Oh, y'know II can't hear that enough. No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud! Well it's not flexed right now! Sure, I'll do it with ya. That new mountain bike? Your work makes me sad. Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching! Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me? Are you serious? Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps. She knows! Joey! Phoebe knows about us! Oh man! Ahh yes, the messers become the messies! Hello Phoebe, I've been thinking about you all day. Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued. Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more. Oh yeah, they're totally gonna back down! Really? Yes. Okay, listen, how far am I gonna have to go with her? How do you know?! At this?! Phoebe. Come on in. Sure. Me? No. You? So do I. I'm gonna put on some music. You look good. Well, why don't we move this into the bedroom? Oh, do you not want to? Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion. Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her! Look, she's not backing down! She went like this! Okay, give me a second! Did you clean up in here? Oh, you're-you're going? It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very were gonna be having all the sex. Not if I kiss you first. Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss. Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win! I can't have sex with ya! Because I'm in love with Monica! Love her! That's right, I LOVE HER! I love her! I love you, Monica. And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. And might I say your breasts are still showing. Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet. Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! Oh, I'm going on the lamb. Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica. Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her. Whoa-whoa-whoa! We're having kids?! Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps. Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up. Sounds like a fun party. Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head. Wh-wh-why?! Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?! I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! Im right. I'm right. Am I right? Okay. It's not different at all, is it? Hmm. Yeah, here, somewhere else, y'know where-where ever. Yeah, I'm cool. Casual. I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually. What?! Well, you do want all that stuff, right? Yes! You want babies! You have baby fever! Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?! Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head! Well, I did not know that. It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable. By me? Monica. Just tell me what I need to do to make things right. Well, that's what we do. Y'know, II mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again. Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here? I need to talk to you, it's urgent! Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this. Monica. Will you marry me? I don't know. But I know I'm not afraid to do this. I'm doing this because I'm sorry? No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. Will you be my wife? Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now. Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys. I didn't think I was! Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door. Okay, how long is this going to go on. That's not funny. Hey! Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red? Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. Hey, how about maroon? Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that. Hey! Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter. Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested. Hi, Joe. Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day! Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? I kinda have a dream! I dont want to talk about it. You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. Anyway we're talking about your dream. I love you. Your dream? No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud. Joey, look, are you attracted to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her? Well there you have it! Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it? Oh yeah, it's actually in my bedroom. Hey! Y'know, I would be offended, but Monica is freakishly strong, so. Oh, I see. I thought you just really, really liked your new couch. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Okay, yeah, I think it's really stuck now. Oh, y'know, what did you mean when you said pivot? Hey, whoa-whoa! What's she like? Ooh, I do! I do! I do! He has a gun! Hey Monica, here's your broom back. Oh hey, how'd the interview go? So what happened? Well you coulda tried, not kissing him. Come on, Rach. I gotta check out this hot girl! There she is! So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun? Oh, what can happen? I mean, would you. Uh, yeah. Why? Ohh, so? Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat. That was amazing! That was amazing. No, you're the best. No, you're the best. Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean. Oh yeah, it's so cool. Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100. That's pee-pee. Monica! This is the Men's room! Isn't it? No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous! Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?! So? Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about? Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now. Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting. Yeah? Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship. Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out! Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! And now we're back. You guys ready for the movies? Okay. Oh yes. Yes. Hi there! That. Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts? Unwilling to steal from work, interesting. Dude! That's my girlfriend! Weirder than watching his two moms make out? Yeah, it is the best. Yeah, or you can do the easy thing and smoke. Yeah, I wanna go to babe. Ah sure. What's in 'em? Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water. Y'know I rued the day once didn't get a whole lot else done. Well I mean, let me get the door first. Oh, hi! No one. Okay, there's something different though-Oh my God! You smoked! Yes you did! You look happy and sick you smoked! I wish I had smoked for my career. Okay, but you gotta push past this because it is about to get so good! I think you smell great! Great job with the cups, Pheebs! Awesome! There are snow cones! Snow cones! Yuck! Thank you! Thank you! Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch. Okay, great. I'll catch you guys later. Hey! Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George. Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at 11:30 if we both had the chicken and didn't get desert. Hey Caitlin! Somebody got a haircut. Yeah, if that was true, gym class would've been a lot more interesting. Oh, okay. Here you go. Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first. Okay, bye! What? I was not flirting. Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all. You wanna see flirting? I'll show you flirting. I was not flirting. I was not and oh God, shh! Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin? So, Joey on Law amp Order, you must be very proud! I'm sorry, I thought you were Joey's other grandmother. I've done it again. Happy Anniversary, 10 months! Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there. The one that doesn't. Hey, why don't you wear those earrings I gave you? Okay. If you said, Big lima bean, bubbling up. Would she understand the difference? Here you go. Now stop bringing us pizzas you. You're welcome. What? Thank you for that! I was not flirting. Really?! So umm, you-you flirt with guys all the time? Okay, but there is a big difference. You are a lot hotter than I am. Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women? Well, what is it? If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon? Doesn't know, Hello. But she knows Capricorn One. So uh Monica, do you, do you like the Law amp Order? See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law amp Order and that you flirted with every guy in the TriState area! Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women. Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, I'm just flirting, no big deal. But the guy is thinking, Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me! It's true. Again true. All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way. Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. So, you're old and small. Okay, hold on. Okay. If this is the way all the Gellers flirt, we don't have a problem. Oh the humanity. More so than anything else. Almost over man. Why am I looking? You couldn't have at least changed your shirt. Ground control to Major Tom! Commencing countdown engines on! Hey! You ready? You look amazing. I'm the luckiest man in the world. Let me see the earrings. They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what? Thanks for picking out the earrings man. Hey man, what's up? Yeah, yeah! Me too! Yeah. Well, I like danger. Tonight? You-you didn't say it was going to be at night time. It is starting to get dark out there. Okay. But it is officially nighttime. Your tax dollars? Wow! That sandwich really does smell good. I can't smell your sandwich? Okay, I'll give them back. Look! What is so great about that sandwich? Okay. Yeah. Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we? How do you figure that? Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound cop. It, it sounds gay. Look at Officer Ross riding back here with the visitors. Okay, y'know, we-we're safe right? I mean nothing bad can go down! Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that. What's going on? Uh, HELLO! It was a car backfire! Who jumps at loud noises! Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life. Oh my God! Oh, I just went for a walk, around the living room. Whatever. No. No I'm just tired. Y'know, from-from the walk. You dove in front of Ross! Ross! I do not hate Ross! What picture? Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me! When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line. From a bullet! Much sense?! So you risked your life, for a sandwich! So you didn't uh, choose Ross before me. Really?! Thanks. Oh-oi-ho, yeah! Hm-hmm. I thought you were showing me how much you mean to me. Before or after you were shot by your own troops? Yes, if the foxhole was lined with sandwiches. Yeah, see, I can't pull of baby-doll can I? Okay. Hiya doin' pumpkin? Right, because it's fast. Because, it's so fast. It's fast! Oh! Good for you Pheebs, way to go! So, what are you gonna do? Me?! Why me? I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of commitment than I used to be. Still terrified, I'll take care of it. No problem. Hey ladies! What are you in here for? Gary, I'm here to report a crime. It is a crime that you and I don't spend more time together. Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me. Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together! You mean scared. Scared? Happy? I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there! Were you're parents happy, or something? Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so scary. Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica! Yeah, you're right about that. Hi! Yes I did, and I think you should do it. He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady. Im sorry. If you ask me, I'd move in with him. Hey Gar! Four hours? You guys have been doing this for four hours? All right, let me in. What? I'm not a dropper! It's throwing and catching! Oh! Oh! That's so hard. Maybe that's because she's a minion of the antiChrist. Yeah, you almost overreacted to something. Not fun anymore? Come on! Gary's such a great guy! Whatever the problem is, you can work it out! Oh that is over! You guys wanna eat here? Y'know, how did I get this reputation as a dropper? Okay? I'm anything but a dropper. Oh, Richard. That's all I ever hear, Richard, Richard, Richard! Okay, so Richard, Richard! What? How much did I love The King and I? You okay there man? Wow umm, calm down. Uh, no Pheebs. What's it look like? You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?! Yeah, I know that means buddy! Well, uh, we can talk about that too Pheebs. Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job? All right, great, road trip baby! This okay with you? Thank you. Hey! Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough? What? Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite? I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot? So you don't get paid unless the movie makes money? All right, bye-bye now! Okay! We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once. Yeah. Isn't that Ross's money? I don't know. Okay! Too dry. No! No! Yes. I also said, Yes! No! Ahhh! Look Joe, I just, I just don't want to get your hopes up real high. They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie! Joe, I don't think this is going to be your big break. Oh, you don't want me on the trip? All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie. All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now! You're not actually supposed to stop on the bridge. All right! Wait! Wait, there's no sidewalk! Yeah, I'm gonna die here. Hey! Joey kicked me out of the car on the George Washington bridge! I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast. Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie-Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge. Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. Who wants the teddy bear with one leg? Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him! Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me? That's a good idea. I wonder where I could get a basket of porn. Really? Hey! Is that Joey?! Let me talk to him! Y'know what? I have been trying to apologize to him all week! If he's not gonna let me do it on the phone, I'm gonna go down there and do it in person. Hey! No-no-no-no, I've supported you one hundred percent and I want to prove that to you in person! Forgive me? You haven't been taking my calls in a week! Uh, what was that? Hey! I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler. Huh. Oh, but it's not 'til tomorrow! Okay. Wow! Do we have to? Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there. Yeah, I think we should see other people. Yes. It's a great idea. Y'know Pheebs, it's kinda our anniversary. Art lover! I said art lover. I don't know, I'm very tired. So it's pretty much the same Pheebs. Yeah, I guess it's a little better now. Happy plane-aversary. Can I give you a present now? Okay! Oh man! Dont tell me I did this! How do you feel about the, I really did forgot the present, please forgive me not fake out? Ohh that's the worse thing that can happen on an anniversary ever! What-what Richard thing? What Richard thing? I'm not mad. Oh yeah! Yeah, so you-you bumped into Richard! You grabbed a bite! It's no big deal. Oh my God. Love your condoms my man. Why?! What happened?! No-no, that's okay, apparently there's a new policy where we don't have to share everything with everybody. No! Her boyfriend Richard! When you go lunching with hunky moustache men and don't tell me about it! Thanks. Next time? There's not gonna be a next time! You can not ever see him again! That's so funny, because I think I just did! Fine with me! What are you talking. Really? Joey, I uh! I can't believe this is how I'm spending my anniversary. Whoa! Y'know, if I won 5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick! Good luck! I see. What? What's an identical hand twin? Are you sure you weren't looking at your hands in a mirror? How? Again I must go back to, how? Y'know, II can't really put a price on that Joe. No! No! I support you 100! I just didn't, I didn't get it right away. Y'know now I'm caught up! Identical hand twins! It's a million-dollar idea! No! That was Joey! Yeah, well, she's probably talking to Richard. Really? Okay. See you later Mon. What does it look like? I'm going home. Come on! I was there! I know he's the love of your life. Really?! Yeah, I wanted to make a dramatic scene, but I hate packing. Hey Pheebs! Yeah, she couldn't live without the Chan Love. Yes! I'veI've never seen a roll like this in my life! Okay, ah umm, ah, an 8. Ah, a 6? 8. 8! If you get this one, we buy everybody here a steak dinner! Noo! Ahh, ooh, try a hard 8. Two fours. Thank you, Mister Drunken Gambler! Okay, you get this and uh, we get the biggest suite in the place! Wait-wait-wait-wait! We get the biggest suite in the place. Yes! I love you! I can't even remember what we were fighting about! Another hard 8. Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight and we get married here tonight. You roll another hard eight and we get married here tonight. Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you. Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! What do you say? Okay! Come on! Let's go! All right! Okay! That's a four! And where-where's the other one? All right! Here it is! Here it is! It's a four. Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new. Let's go! Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve. I don't think so. Here just take this. No, we'll-we'll bring it back! Just put it under your dress. Okay, one thing at a time. Hello! One marriage please! Dum! Dum-dum-dum! Dum! Dum! Dum! Dum-dum-dum! Oh, that's The Wedding March. Does, does that freak you out? Okay! This is it! We're gonna get married! Okay! This is it! We're gonna get married! Oh my God! Oh my God! Is everybody getting married?! Hey! Yes! Well that-yes. We actually missed it. What?! Hi! So, has anyone talked to Dr. and Mrs. Geller yet? Its a buffet man. Listen, I gotta talk to you. Monica and I almost got married last night. Look, I just dont think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Yknow? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Yknow? And, how do I tell her without crushing her? What?! Hi. Hey! Are we gonna talk about what you guys did last night? Or. You did. Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this ones free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third ones free. I dont know. But III know I love you! So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you. Yes, we dont get married unless theres a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight then theres a definite sign that we should get married. Sounds great. Ready! Yes, yes eight. That was so unlikely. Well, lets get married! I guess. Thats right! It was the wrong kind of eight, no wedding! Damnit! Yeah. Were doing the right thing, right? Well you did pull his hair. Im not getting into this again! Well, I told you not to walk. Here. There. Okay. No! All right, should we just, should we just get married? Yknow? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it. Me too! No! Jeez, relax! Its not like were mar-ah-ah! Yknow I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here? Well, what if all my stuff was here? Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what Im saying? Me asking is kind of a sign. Okay! Okay. Oh thanks. The door hasnt been locked in five years, but okay! Ready?! Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I cant get in! This is not a sign! Its an old key! I love you! Are you hugging the door right now. Yeah-yeah, me neither. The keys stuck in the lock. It still doesnt work. Oh. Nice job Joe! Youre quite the craftsmen. Yknow when we move in together, can I get a gumball machine? No. When it comes to sweets, hes surprisingly strict. No, no, I keep trying, yknow? I can get out, Joey, I have too but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, go to the bathroom. He may think Im sick. Oh, so thats this is gonna work now? Youre just gonna order me around all the time? All right. No-o-o! No? No-o-o! Look Joey, heres the thing, Monica and I have decided to live together, here. So, Im gonna be moving out man. Look, IIm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up Im moving right back in with you! Hey! What gave me away? Okay, so thats it, everybody knows! Its official, were moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya? Wow that was my scariest voice! Youre very brave. Hey. Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. Seriously. Well, II still think youre very-very nice and very pretty. All yours babe. Rach. Okay, when are we gonna tell Rachel what is actually gonna happen? Well, Joeys my best friend. You just said. Of course youre my best friend. Would you please tell Rachel though? Okay. Oh yes. Hey-hey! I am now! Okay, bye! Look, Im just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff. Not once did we do that. Hey! Oh yeah? Well, howd she take it? And youre upset because you didnt make your best friend cry? Okay, I gotta ask, who calls us that?! Hey! Pheebs, I dont understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about? Hey-hey! I thought Naked Thursdays was just our thing man! Who was it? Sure! Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, yknow? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for 200, the real ones! The big-big ones! Okay so you mean no as in, Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Lets discuss it before we reject it completely. So, thats it? Which is why Asteroids is perfect! Its the oldest game! I dont have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away! No, Im not mocking you, or you beautiful guest room. Nothing, Monica and I had a stupid fight. Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly. Nice! Hi. Hi, listen, Im sorry about before. I dont need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldnt get girls, and now I can em. Now, I have you. Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women. Really? Ohh. Thats a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room. We dont have to come up with this now. Hey, yknow what? Why dont we think about changes we can make in the living room? Yeah, I mean were gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair. Is that a problem? Oh, thats cool. Then Ill just bring them both over. Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! Ill get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work! In the game room! All right! Thats fine! Thats fine! I wont bring over the chairs! I wont bring anything over! I wouldnt want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandmas place! You can call off the roommate search! Hi! Ill be living here. Why did you take the shower curtain down? Well, why dont you tell her to stop being silly! Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love. Thats laughter. I dont know. Yeah, I do. Hes being silly, because he knows that we enjoy the silliness! Yeah, I'm not so worried. Of course! Scared me out of ever wanting to live with him. Okay! Oh my God! Someones killed Square Man! Oh thats so sweet! I want to show you something too! Yknow those big-big uh, road signs that say Merge? Yknow? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, thats you and I together! Merge! Really?! Hey! Oh, whats the matter? Yeah? What?! Just out of curiosity did she tell you how youre gonna go? Oh hi! Why dont you open with a joke? Wait a minute, hold the phone! Youre not talking about Chuckles University?! Thats the way I did it til I was 19. Hey. Yes, you got something from the Screen Actors Guild. Benefits lapsed. Okay, its not a check. Theyre saying your health insurance expired because, you didnt work enough last year. All right. Im sorry man, theres never a good time to stop catching on fire. Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street. Hey! Thats great, but shouldnt you be on the toilet right now? Whats wrong with you? This sounds like a hernia. You have to, you-you go to the doctor! Thats a hernia. Hey, will you grab me a cruller? Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?! I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and lets just get that thing pushed back in. Hey. Oh Joeys got a really bad hernia, but thats nothing a little laser eye surgery wont fix! Listen, Im really glad you got the part. But are you sure you can do this? Now, is that never talking about it again?! Im sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why dont you uh, lift up your shirt? Take a look at this kiddo. We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras! What are you doing? Oh, all right. What? Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage? Ross, just for my own piece of mind, youre not married to anymore of us are ya? You left a shoe here?! Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, Ill be sure to give him your shoe. Yeah, all right. Whoa-whoa-whoa! What? Yeah, Im gonna pass. Cause I was kinda iffy when it was puppies. Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. Do you know what Pheebs? When youre done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too. See thats where I think that youre wrong. Weve been playing these babies man for man we should really be playing a zone defense. I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And yknow Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around. Okay, Im a rookie. I should not be in the end zone. Hey! Shocking! Since you still have the keys. What equity investments? You dont even have a car! And? There you are. Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they can meet Krog! He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe! Theyre not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass! Glass, sand, whatever. All right. I thought about it and maybe youre right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy. I swallowed the sonic blaster gun. Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Yknow? And it turns out I was wrong. And now its lodged in my throat. But you found the keys to his clothes? That is true. Ahh, I think it just moved. Its really poking me. I think thats gum. Okay, listen this really hurts. Lets go. Hey! Well, lets just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours. And protected them from a tornado? Was the setting of Phoebes triumph. Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself. Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess! Okay! Listen, Im gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent. First of the month. No, just the months you actually want to live here. Okay, here is the phone bill. Thats our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why dont I just, why dont I just cover you for a while? Its not charity, Joe. Okay uh, heres the electric bill. Uh, yeah. So, well do the rest of the bills later then? No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldnt take it. I figure that 1,500 would cover him for a few months, yknow? But I have to trick him into taking it so I wont hurt his pride. Well that would help the pride thing. Hey! Wow! You look great! Wanna move in with me tomorrow? Okay! So, what do you girls have planned for tonight? Hey! Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure wed do nothing. Oh nope, II have plans with Joey. Yes, but for the last time. Hes at a dinner party. Oh, I wish Id know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese. Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money? Yes it would. What do you say to 50? Okay, lets play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently. Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, 1,000. Oh yes! Okay. No! No! No! No, one can beat me. See? Now, thats why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking. Still broken? Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack? Okay, uh, how about, how about yknow what? We could play a new game. A new game, its fun. Cups. Ill teach ya! Come on, come on, its really easy and really, really fun. Okay, here you go. I have two queens, what do you have? Ho-ho, you win! 50 dollars! Oh yeah! Okay, lets play again. What do you got? Youre kidding right? Well thats a full cup! You win. It doesnt matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is DCup. Okay, now much have you won so far? Not 700 exactly? Double it! Well you see in Cups, once you get 700, you have to double it. Hey, I didnt make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth 100 bringing your total to 1,500. Dont get to excited because thats not gonna happen unless you get. No way! Whats wrong? WhHow did you lose at Cups?! Oh man! All right, lets play one more hand! One more! I cant take the big white dog! You love it! No, but wait what if I bought it from you, yknow? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at a reasonable price, say 1,500? When did I try to give you money? Im just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that youre okay. Hey. I know. No problem roomie. Sure! I invented the game of Cups as a way to give Joey money. Exactly. Its not a real game! I made it up! At a fake game! Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last. Hmm, lets see if it comes up this time. And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open. I didn't nail the boxes to the floor. Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you. So, uh, wh-where ya from? Unbelievable. Hey, look at all the boxes! All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket? Now imagine you live at the supermarket. No-no. OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. Joe? Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack. Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack. Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monicas gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me? Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing? What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning! Authorization? I don't need that. I'm gonna put everything back. Yes I'm gonna put it back exactly where I found it. She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place. She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it. I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out. No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. Phone's done ehh. Hey Mon, how's it going? Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad. No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there. It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon! She's-she's gonna kill me. We should start with the big stuff. Yknow? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. I got it. What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the. OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table. OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch. Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the, blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd btyds. Rooosss! Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine? Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that. That's not specific to girls. And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny. Man, I'm so lucky I have Monica. Okay, is this lamp in the same place? No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no! You can't come in here! R-r-r-rRoss is naked. I couldn't say that I was naked because she's allowed to see me naked. Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later. Bye! Thank God. Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place. That's perfect! That's brilliant! Uh-huh. No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it. Okay look, don't don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, III cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Do you want me to be afraid of you? Really? Oh well you're the best. You come here to me. Ba dum bumb cheshhh! Hi, my names Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source? So, is Janine around? Can I check out what she did to my room? Oh my God. What is th, its like a guy never lived in here. Look, youve got to be careful. This girl thing is dangerous. Its spreading already. Yeah, is this your pretty pink pillow on the couch? Is that your tiny little box, thats too small to put anything in? No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, youre going to be sitting around with your fingers soaking in stuff. Yes talk to her. Be a man. Defend yourself. Be right there sweetums. A totally different situation. Hey, how was your breakfast with Hillary? Ohh, yeah. Thats weird. I dont think my boss likes me either. Yeah lets head off to work. You know. Oh My God. Really. Yeah, what was wrong with your old, human teeth. No, no no no. Youll be fine. Hillarys blind, right? Yeah. What? I am proud of all my friends today. Hi, Im Chandler. Your live-in boy. Oh, I am no women, but that is one tasty dish. Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? Im going to go over to Joeys. Yes, but I feel like Ive really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fact I think were two sachets away from becoming a lesbian couple. Nah, Nah, its okay. I feel like I need to be in guy place. You know, do kind of like a man thing. You know when guys hang out they dont just drink some beer and hammer up drywall? No thanks, Josephine. Hey Ross, I was wondering if. Oh my God! Where are all the men? Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers. What is the matter with you?!? Youre arranging flowers! You got dead flowers! You got a picture, a picture, of a baby dressed like flowers! This is not Joey! Youre turning into a women. Now Ive upset you? What did I say? Sidney Poitier? Hehheh. Oh! Thats great, they havent seen the place since I moved in! Why cant I tell them that we live together? Why havent you told them?! Why havent you told them?! Wouldnt they be happy?! Why wouldnt they be happy? What? What? Why?! Is this why they dont like me or why you dont like me? Yknow, itll be okay. Itll be okay. Because when they come over, I will be all charming, I will make them fall in love with me, and then well tell em. Hey, I can be pretty charming, babe, I won YOU over, didnt I? Hey! Oh, good, Ross! Youre parents like me, right? Well Monica just told me that they dont. Do you know why? Well if people dont know they shouldnt just guess! This is great, another Thanksgiving with nothing to give thanks for. Maybe I could give thanks by taking my Playstation over to my new apartment. Hey. Mr. and Mrs. Geller, you look wonderful, it is great to have you hear, let us take off your coats! Whoa, snowing out there? Yeah, Ross sure is a great guy, yknow Ive always felt that how a young man turns out is a reflection on his father. Hes the headliner of a gay burlesque show. Oh, yes. Well its very beautiful. Its cream-colored and tight I dont mean tight, I mean its not too tight, not that I was looking at. What? You do? Why? What?! Why did you do that? How could it not matter?! What about all that friends forever stuff? Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me! The reason we havent told them were together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this? Yeah, Im not gonna pay for those acting classes anymore. Yeah, this is so good, that Im gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert. Yes, but if its any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it. Thank you! Ill talk to them! Let me ask you, why is everybody using these tiny lights nowadays? I remember when people used to use big lights. I dunno what it is, it just doesnt quite feel like Christmas to me. See now it feels like Christmas! Hey Joe whats up? I can see why thats hard to resist. You are aware that shes not a monkey, right? Ah, youre still just a little fat girl inside arent you? What, what are you laughing at? I dont think so. Oh my God! I can save you time ladies, Im right here. What? Thats terrible! Oh well, that makes it not terrible. No not okay, you cant look for Monicas presents! No, you dont have to, and you cant because I live here too. Why? No, I have a great idea for a present for her. If I help, we can find em faster! Yknow when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you dont, you dont do that every year do you? You dont, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything? Because thats where Joey gave me some stuff to store that Ive never seen before in my life! Okay, that did not just happen! I couldn't find anything at Joey-Hey-hey, oh hey! Those are my gifts, I got them for you. Those are book ends! That's a great gift! Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay? Oh, hey guys! Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter. Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica thats as good as garbage? What? Oh great! Okay! Okay! Okay! Wait, we cant do this. I dont wanna know what Monica got me. Yknow? I mean, look, Im sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about. Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I dont know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monicas face when I give her my present, and Im sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back? Fine! Thats what you got me? Now you do that, youre on TV. Thats great! So you kissed her, so what happened after that? So shes just waiting over there for ya? Oh hey Rachel, sweetheart? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are still getting all your bills and stuff. Im not your garbage man. Im your mailman. A pharmacist. You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets! You made pottery? Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore. so then the farmer says, Thats not a cow and youre not milking it. Look at us, were a couple of couples! Yeah all right. Okay, good night guys. And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight. You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldnt afford it, because you paid dinner last night. Oh thats too bad. Thats funny, I saw no phlegm. Then why-why is she going to a play?! Well, why does she not want to hang out with us?! So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?! And I am not blah, I am a hoot! No, you sh. No you said you made that up! Eh, theyre both good. I generally just go with, Monicas drunk again. Okay. Okay, one more time. Perfect decibel. Hey. Oh nothing, were just talking. Yknow, blah-blah-blah. Thats totally understandable. Oh yeah! And Im blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it, Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment. Yknow I think you can take her. Did you hear that? Yeah, Im sorry man. You wanna go watch? Hey so, did uh, did she move out? You okay? That is funny. It was also funny when I made it up. I made that joke up. Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke hed ever heard. Monica, you remember me telling you that joke, right? Seriously? Yeah, I guess. Hey, Joey, Playboy printed my joke. Its my joke. Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up. Nah, Monicas watching some cooking show. Come on, I dont want to miss when they were skinny. What? No, I want to watch this. Did your cable go out? Joey, why is your cable out? If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money? Whoa ho. All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place? Paid your phone bill? Yeah. So, you heard it, you repeated it, so that must mean you wrote it. And monkeys cant write out prescriptions. You are not allowed to laugh at my joke. So, you stole my joke, and you stole my money. Well, she is going to know that you stole the joke. Yeah! Okay. He took my joke, he took it. You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? Im going to get a joke journal. Yknow? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes. Yeah! Picking Rachel. Maybe its the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts. So is your apron. Youre wearing it like a cape. I think its great that you work here. Youre going to make a lot of money, and heres your first tip: Dont eat yellow snow. Ah ha ha, 2:15, coffeehouse. Its my joke. Lets have Monica decide. Yeah! Mon, get out here! Okay, okay. You have to help us decide whose joke this is. Because youre the only one that can be fair. Dont try to sway her. Im your only chance to have a baby. Okay, lets go. Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve. Can I finish my story?! So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steves doctors name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, Doctor Monkey? And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up. Im not arguing with that. Is not. Hi, oh hi. Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and, generosity of spirit. Im out of words. Should I just say the whole thing again? Youre a little high maintenance. Im sorry. Youre not easy-going, but youre passionate, and thats good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that Im pretty good about making you feel better about that. And thats good too. So, they can say that youre high maintenance, but its okay, because I like, maintaining you. Im off the list. Hey, buddy boy, howd the audition go? Hey. Joey! No way. Im not answering that. This coming from the man who couldnt split our 80 dollar phone bill in half. Hey, what are you doing here? Shouldnt you be at work? Im so sorry youre sick. Im gonna grab you some tissue. Yes? Oh my God, introduce us! Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister! I know, lets rest and drink lots of fluids. That would be impossible to resist if you werent all drippy here. Yeah, I dont you should say that even when youre healthy. Dont take this personally okay? Its just that I just cant have sex with a sick person. Thats the thing, see I would like to stay in the pribe of mwha-ah-libe. Oh what is it honey, you need some tea? Some soup? Oh-ohhhh! Oh Jeez honey, I thought, I thought you were asleep. I was asleep. Oh no! No-no honey! Yknow whats sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sexy. And oh! Hot water bottles are sexy. Would you please get some rest! Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe! No-no-no-no-no-no-no, you are not getting me this way. No-no-no-no-no! Okay. So youre just, kinda rubbing it on yourself? Its nice. Yes! Its all very, very good. So you wanna go uh, mix it up? Oh come on you big faker! Well that was before all the vaporizing action. Okay! What are you doing here? We got some VapORub in some places. Hes taking off her coat! Ho-oh, hes gonna get some! Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment. Yknow so umm, hes closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister. Well, Im off to bed! Im good. Is that a swing? Yuck! That was like 5 years ago. Joey! Well see now that I can see crying over that, but Bambi is a cartoon! Yes it was very sad when the guy stopped drawing the deer! Im not macho. No, I guess I just never really cried. Yknow? Im not a crying kind of guy. Id be sad sure, but I wouldnt cry. Cry?! I just found a talking puppy, Im rich! Oh, thats Parents Day, first grade. Thats me with the janitor Martin. Oh they didnt want to come! No! Look, I dont cry! Its not a big deal! Okay?! You didnt get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you? Phoebe Buffay in Buffay: The Vampire Layer. Hey, I had a terrible childhood and I dont do porn. Her ankle is what youre watching? Shes just doing her job! Hey! Theres no back to this couch! Yeah I know, but I figured a shot yknow? Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldnt think I was yknow, all dead inside. Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest. No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, were up at the altar and Im like this. Yeah? Okay, well I wont uh, worry about this anymore then. Aww, I love you so. What?! So you didnt mean any of that?! Hey. Maybe we should give them some privacy. I just dont see why those two cant work things out! II cant believe Jills gone. I cant help it, I opened a gate. Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay. Sure I would! What, you guys really think that Im that shallow? What if I had had the guts to quit my job? Id probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my jobs fun too! I mean tomorrow, II dont have to wear a tie. Hey. Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not Archie Comic funny. Was his question whats more boring than him? Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride. Ehh. I could use the money it could give me time to write. Okay! All right! Hey. Well its kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that hes not real. Uh-oh, its my boss! Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans. What? But the KitKats are all right?! Phoebe, are you having a heart attack?! I always thought having a heart attack was natures way of telling you to die! But youre not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but youre not gonna die today. I wish I was dead. Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, Bring me food. Two is, Im with a girl, bring us food. Three is, Im lost and I cant find food. Here you go Joe, heres the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for. Yeah? Im sorry, I guess I just like the pulp. Okay, anything for you sir? Its not all juice! Who sold a story to Archie Comics?! Aww. You wanna share it? Whats this? Aww, thanks man. Oh you wouldnt uh, care. Its just a stupid comic book story. Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy, uh but he doesnt want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist, as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that cant have lumps in them. No, the doctors say it may kill her. But I think we should tell her. Listen Phoebe, hes right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31. Uh, what about yknow the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack. Im sorry youre here with me instead of Roger. Well, I could make it seem like hes here. Heres some little known facts about cous-cous. They didnt add the second cous until 1979. Okay. What was tonight? Okay. What was tonight? With Roger? Not just with Roger?! Oh my God! Four different women! Ive had sex way more times! Nine. Well good, good for you. You really think that Roger is the perfect guy? Hey thats what I tell girls about me. No you are not! You are sweet and wonderful and this is gonna happen for you. Okay. So was I. We cant do this. Yeah! If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, yknow? Because youve been waiting a very long time and I wouldnt want to disappoint you. I do like that. Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right? Stop it! Were doing this! Lets do it! Okay! I have some moves. Yeah, lets just forget it. Okay! Oh yeah. Yeah? Oh my God! Oh, okay! Hey! Let me tell you about this chick I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you! So you uh, want to do something tonight? Oh. Oh right! Right! Because youre still seeing him and uh, hes a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when. Yeah! Totally! Totally, and you? I bet he can. Oh yeah! Yeah! Dont worry about me, Ill be fine! Okay to come in? Yeah I know, guess who beeped him? Im the ruptured spleen. Because you shouldnt be with him. You should be with me. Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they dont just happen. Yknow? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning yknow I was just lying there and I couldnt wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always yknow with a friend. I know you probably dont want to go out with me, yknow because I make too many jokes and Ive never been in a serious relationship and I guess Im not technically a doctor! No, there were two. Oh yeah. Yeah. Twenty percent is a pretty generous tip Joe. I see where youre goin! Ah, finally an explanation. Hey-hey, is Monica here? Okay, look I need your help, I dont know what to get her for Valentines Day. She was working on Valentines Day so were celebrating it tonight. Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend and her brother, I cant do that we promised wed make each other gifts this year. Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut. I made a. Nothing! Well, have you guys made anything that maybe I can take credit for? This, this actually is a. Hey! Honey, can I ask you a question about the Valentines Day gifts? Do we have to make the entire thing? Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where II made it and pick-pick it up. What? Hey. What?! Okay, are you aware unagi is an eel? I cant figure out what to make Monica. Im going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade? Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon. Wait a minute, I cant give this to her. Because it says Captain Ross on the side and I hate Monica on the bottom. Okay. Okay. Yes honey, I made it myself. I cant do it. I cant do it. Oh! Oh! A mixed tape! A mixed tape! Hey! Hi! You uh, ready to exchange gifts? Okay, come here! Come here. Now, its not wrapped because I just, just finished it. But I made you a tape of what I think are all romantic songs. Maybe well have to listen and see! Okay! Yeah! Its a sock bunny. Not really. I see. Yknow umm, Phoebe makes sock bunnies. Oh, its okay. I dont. Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape. Wow! You are way to young to have seen that! You are totally and completely 100 forgiven. Yeah! You have done enough! No you dont get it in black, not brown. Oop! Well, its like that old saying, have some sex, eat some cake. Who the hell is Carl?! Yknow sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, arent they? Oh my good God. Look, you have done enough! Okay? You have to stop this now. Oh, the mixed tape. No! Youre the sweetest! I am so, so, so, so sorry! And I will cook anything you want in here, and do anything in there! Come on Monica, its our Valentines Day. Please? Please-please, please? Okay. So, are we going in there? Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, theres a big selling calendar, eh? A hot girls at stake and all of the sudden hes Rain Man. Oh, is that against the rules? I see. Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class. Oh, I dont know man. I havent talked to her in like ten years. You do owe me so much. You owe me three thousand, four hundred. Oh okay, IllIll try. Yeah so, Tuesday? Thank you. You just thought of that in there? What are you smiling about? What is so funny? Hows your room Rach? Have you figured out what started the fire Mr. Fireman? God, its great to catch up! I cant believe how long its been! Oh thats great! Good for you. Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm. Can you hold for one second please? What?! Hi! Im back. Yeah, that sounds great. Okay. Well, well do it then. Okay, bye-bye. Hi. We didnt get to the audition. Im gonna take her to coffee and then well do it then. Honey, it is not a date! I havent talked to her in ten years! You cant just call up somebody you havent talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, yknow? You gotta, you got to put in some time. No, we only went out once. Not once! Oh thats great, my friend Joeys in the movie business. My friends name is Joey. Yeah, Ive always hated that Howie. The nerve huh? Refill? Hey. I couldnt do it. Hey, relax I just need more time. Were going to dinner tonight. Uh, Dana Keystone from college. No, that was Dana Caplin. Great story again! The yarns that you weave! Woo-hoo-hoo! Oh no-no-no! Stay! Stay! Because you-you should you-you-you should stay! Oh no-no-no, thats notNo-no-no! No-no. Really?! Well, it just hurts so bad. I uh. Well maybe there is one thing you can do. Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday? Well, the heart wants what it wants. Ill see you later. Ni-hi-ice! So, you busy Thursday? Okay. Okay. What are you gonna do to me if you get the part? Really? No! No! No! I was so careful! Hey! So?! Its Thursday! How was the audition?! Well, of course I do! My good friend Joey over here. So he has to be a male who has at least 50. Isnt she cute? No! So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do? Oh, tell her good luck with that. Yeah. Do we have any Fruit RollUps? Oh thats so funny because we found someone too. Why would our guy be a weirdo? A face ass? No, our guy is just a floating head. Wait! You look? You-you massaged me. Our guy has great hair. Our guy smells incredible. Hey. Well, you, dont look good Joe. Thats still in there?! Is this a service youre providing me? Our new fridge? I dont live here anymore. Uh-huh. Okay. Just tell her the truth! Tell her youre not ready. Then you distract her with a Barbie doll. Joey, I saw you push him! Uh-huh. Hey! Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break? I can see it now, Look dad, its the Sphinx! Yeah. Are you sure?! Because our guy smells incredible! Are you funny? Turns out he is kinda funny. Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cats name? Okay, so you will meet our guys? Okay now it doesnt matter which one you choose, yknow? Its completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself. Well, there you are! So what did Elizabeth say? You know the hotels? Well, maybe you dont marry this one. Good-good-good-good. Hey! Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, yknow what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now? Eldad come here! Eldad, sit down. Move over! Move over now! There you go! There you are! Hi. Okay, youre too late okay? Because shes already with our guy. It is the softest hair! Touch it! Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance! You dance for Rachel! So what was it for anyway? Yeah. So uh, whats this thing youre auditioning for? That is lucky. Now-now, why would you say that Joseph? Whoa, she's pretty. Oh, ok. Oh no, it's terrific, it's it's y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into show business. Oh, are we playing this?! Hey! Howd the audition go? So it did go well. Oh thats great! Oh my God! Oh-oh, what are you doing? Well, it is overdue. Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy! Oh come on guys, its not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it werent for Monicas allergies. Youre right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. Should I get that? Hello? Uh no, Joeys not here right now. Can I take a message? Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from 5:00 to 2:30? Okay great. Bye. Am I naked again?! Yeah okay, I was just talking to the guys. Just look at them I mean, is it okay if they come visit? Oh right, your allergies. All her, she hates you. As crazy as soccer? You mean you didnt get it from this? Well, maybe we can fix it yknow? Maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and scare him! I messed up. Okay? Im sorry, I really messed up. Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybodys allowed one mistake, right? You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller! The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap! Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection. I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. Hi! Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and. No! No! No! I just kissed her. How is that worse?! Youre right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line. Look, Im not saying that you should magically forgive me! But youre not perfect! Youve made some errors in judgment too! What happened?! What the hell happened?! How were you locked in?! And where the hell is all of our stuff?! So-You got in voluntarily?! BEND OVER?! Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess. And what did you bring? Janice? Janice?! Joey's tailor took advantage of me. Oh come on! He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite. Cupping. I cant believe I did this! What an idiot! Do you think hell ever forgive me? Yknow what? II kinda have. You didnt see how mad he was, yknow? I KNEW IT! Oh my God! Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe? Hello? Damnit! Hello? No, Joeys not here right now, but I can take a message I think. Hes still got a chance for the part?! Oh, thats great news! Well no obviously not for the actor who was mauled by his dog. Oh well, thats great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you! Yes! Okay, Mac audition at 2:00. Allergy actor attacked. By dog not flowers. Please tell me you got the message! The actor playing Mac couldnt do it, they needed to see you at 2 oclock. Du-duI wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Rosss! I went to the coffeehouse! I went to any place that they made sandwiches! Sorry! III dont know what to say. Is that supposed to be funny! I was really worried over here! Yknow, sometimes that fake out thing is just mean! Well thats good. Because you didnt! And Im incredibly happy for ya! Oh, we could do this all day. You are gonna be a huge star! Im gonna hug ya! All right! I think so. Yeah, get off me. Okay. Oh, well thank you in advance. Hey! Oh thats right. Its your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick? Are you judging them by their covers? Because youre really not supposed to do that. Hey! Wait a minute, hold the phone! Youre not Elizabeths dad?! Ross! Theres a Mr. Bing! But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story. Youre roommate in college died didnt he? Yes, we were just. Hey honey, you got the kind with the little girl, you said we were gonna to get the kind with the baby. No, the little girl creeps me out. Why would the baby creep me out? This is going in your book? Hey! Damn those robots, theyre supposed to be our faithful servants! So do you think uh, Joeys more charming than me? Yeah, you wish. Who? Hmm. Oh. Oh-oh. We said seven! The only way that I said six would be if the sevens, let meet at seven, not at six. Oh my good God. What?! What does it say?! Thank you for writing your book. Its-its uh, great book and you are the queen of everything. I told you I should not wear this color. So you knew we were gonna miss the movie! Oh Im so sorry man! Is there anything I can do? Hi, how are ya? The reason he just said. Yeah, Ive been there my friend. Hey! Ill give up my ticket. And I think Ross is generous too. Hey! Ross. Youve reached Monica and Chandlers, if youre listening to this message, were probably screening. Yeah we are. This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! Yes, the groom. No! Not the groom! See you later. Well next time ask! Or at least wait for me to ask! This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! Im not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday. Right here! Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way! Okay. Yes, if it really doesnt mean anything, because you know that Im just not ready. Okay. Totally. Yeah, its beautiful. I know. Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I cant figure this out! Its so hard! Should I get her a Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a ah-ah! Paper cut! No, I dont want to tell anybody else because I dont want Monica to find out. Well, its because I trust you, youre one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures. Me too. Hey. Oh all right. Oh well, we dont because we got the other pl-place. Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store weve been too and I cant find the perfect ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Its a beautiful selection. Yknow, Im so glad I picked you to help me with this. Yeah, Im gonna stick with the ring. Oh, this ones nice! I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one? Uh-uh, yes. I would like to see that ring please. Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you, hold out that ring and ask me to marry you? Oh my God thats it, thats the ring! How much is it? Yes! Yes, but I can only pay 8,000. Uh, credit card. Oh no! No-no, but I left my credit card with Joey. Okay, Ill go get it. You guard the ring. No. How are ya Paul? No, did he hug you?! Well, you can see my dad in Vegas kissing other dads. Yeah? Im a little busy here Paul. Okay, a quick one. Come on hug it out. Oh hey! There you go. Okay. Okay! Do you have my credit card? Thank God! Oh, I cant go. Oh, thats uh, thats pretty nice but Im gonna go with the one I picked first. What? They put you in jail? Phoebe, I asked you to guard the ring! Yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring I got goose bumps. It was the ring! I cant believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring! No, its not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monicas face when I gave it to her, yknow? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. Look, this is the most important thing Im gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure its perfect. I cant do that. Okay and he hasnt proposed yet because she has no ring on her finger. Yeah! Okay, go, go, go get him. Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring youre about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, Im gonna need to have that back. But, in exchange Im willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. Ew. No-no! This is my fiancee and her heart was set on that ring. You dont want to break her heart now do you? Yeah, shes dying. Of a cough apparently. Okay, thats enough honey! Great! Okay, here. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! And you are about to marry a wonderful man! Hey! Im marrying a dead woman! Guys? Ive got something important to tell ya. Guys? Guys?! Im gonna ask Monica to marry me. Yeah, check out the ring. Yep, pretty much. Heyyyy. What? Okay! I was gonna wait til uh, it was official yknow? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because youre my best friends. Im gonna ask Monica to marry me. I know. Check out the ring. Well, she walked in when I was looking at the ring brochures. You can understand that, right? Guys? Guys? Okay, well tonights the big night. It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. Im going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast Im just gonna propose. Yeah. Im not gonna mess it up. Shes not gonna say no. Hey! Give me it! Phoebe! Hi Monica. Hey! Well, Monica and Chandler cant go. Were going to dinner remember?! I just get mad when Rachel doesnt remember where were going. Well, you could also give back the money you owe me. Oh, so youre already doing your part for the kids. Wait a minute, all jokes aside? I didnt agree to that! Will you marry me? Will you marry me? Hey, you marry me! Whats going on little elves? Yeah, right here in my pocket. Pheebs? Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and shes gonna know. You are beautiful. One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all. I remembered it. The champagne is here. Yes! Yes! Im good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything are you are you perrr-perfect?! Oh, yeah. Uh, no you cant have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you shouldve brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay? Yes! Im fine. In fact Ive been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you. Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldnt imagine growing old with. I know, but just let me say it. What?! Im Chandler! Oh, thats Richard! Hey-hey, hey! I dont know why I did that! And uh, you dont have a mustache which is good. Im Chandler I make jokes when Im uncomfortable. Hi. Richard! No one supposed to know about us! See I, did it again. Yeah, Ill sit down. Yes. I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy. What?! Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner! Richard! Oh you knew that. Good! For camp! Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if youre not careful you may not get married at all this year! What did you guys just do?! Richard was there so I couldnt do it! Im gonna do it tomorrow yknow, and-and surprise her, but now youve ruined it! Who walks into a room and asks to see a persons hands?! This is terrible. What am I going to do? Thats right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind. I can do that, Ive had 30 years of practice. Okay, okay, here she comes! How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesnt want to get married? Hey! Oh, just hanging out, talkin about uh, websites. Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you. Yeah, well. Yknow, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh? Eh. Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Lets take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs dont mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and thats just an ordinary pig not even a pig thats good at sports! If marriage worked, Id be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97. Well, never say never but yknow probably uh yeah, never. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why dont you put down your copy of The Rules huh mantrap?! Its okay, I got a plan. I was making a coconut phone with the professor. What?! My. Oh my God! Hes not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! Im supposed to do that! Well what. Yknow what Im gonna do? Im gonna go over there Im gonna kick his ass! Will you help me?! Youre right. Okay. Im gonna get the ring! Im gonna get the ring! Im gonna go find her and Im just going to propose! Okay great. What?! Where is she? Im not scared of you! Scotch on the rocks, with a twist, on a coaster? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica! Well where did she go? Oh my God, I cant believe this! Yknow, I thought. I thought you were a good guy. Nothing happened? Nothing? So you didnt tell my girlfriend that you love her? Yknow what? I cant believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think! And what does she have to think about? I love her! But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, yknow? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, shed be surprised! It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isnt fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! I was gonna propose tonight. Yeah I even got a ring. Did you get a ring? Yknow Richard you are a good guy. I cant talk to you now, I gotta find Monica! What? What are you talking about? Well why didnt you stop her?! Why didnt you just tell her it was a plan?! Well where. Where did she go? I cant believe I ruined this. Oh my God. Okay! Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought. Wait a minute, II can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if youll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me? Hey. Monica and I are engaged. Thanks. Okay, you get her in here. You bolt the door. Ill be in the closet. Its okay, I want this to be your night too. To Monica. To Monica! So when you said, Get up early, did you mean 1986? Okay. Know what I mean? Theres gonna be a wedding. Youre gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress. Im not worried, Im uh, Im fascinated. Yknow its like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, II failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me. Sure, you guys dont have this problem, youre made of wood. Hey! You look great! You okay over there? Oh, dont worry about it I mean you probably were tired, you had a lot of champagne, it happens to everybody. Take whatever you want, just please dont hurt me. Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19. Young! Youre a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybodys ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear! Joe? Uhh, youve had a lot of sex right? Well, its just the reason that Im asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to. I mean I really wanted too, but I couldnt. There huh hmm, there-there was an incident. Its happened to you? Well, whatd you do? I dont think thats what they were talking about Joe! What?! Yes, you can pass for 19. Yes! Seriously? Seriously, no! You can play your own age which is 31! Now Monica, I know youre upset, but dont forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then theres going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris. We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la. Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because its romantic, but because I can! Okay, dont say anything, you might scare it away. Its Paris, who knows were here! Pheebs, were not giving you a deposit for our wedding! Oh, give her the deposit! Give her the ring! I dont care! What a great apology! And you accept! Okay, bye-bye! Ahh, third base. Why to save your dignity my man. Well, somebody should. How is that ever going to happen?! I dont care, she slept with me. Thanks. Hey! Heres a dollar, consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding. Okay. Whats the matter honey? Already?! Oh, I got some thoughts on that. What in Gods name is that?! Well, you couldnt get them anyway. Ian doesnt plan anymore and Derrick. And Derrick is a name I shouldnt know. Why are you napping over here instead of over at your place? Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding? Okay. Centerpieces! Definitely roses. Well, I just think theyre a little more weddingy. But Lilies are the clear choice. Uh-huh! Oh yeah, I should probably call them. Oh, I dont think I ever heard that story. What a sweet story. Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal. I dont know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. Shes saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to Dollywood. Honey, its gonna be okay. Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that were gonna get married. Well, I have some. Well, close to. Well, youre not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding? Well, come on, Ive been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party. No, I realize that honey, but Im not gonna spend all of the money on one party. Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no. Yes, I am! Hey. Ehh. Look, I thought about it too, and Im sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding. Yeah, Im putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then thats what were gonna do. Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, yknow? Well pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college. Yeah. Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy. Well, stuff like whered we live, yknow? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Yknow, we could have a cat that had a bell on its collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, wed have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old. Sure you do. You sure? I love you so much. Oh yeah, totally! Hey, you guys! So, what do you think? Are you kidding? Okay, Ill give you a hint Ill give you a hint. I got glasses! No I didnt! No! Really? You didnt think I used to wear glasses right? Thats okay Pheebs, were not having a party or anything, so you dont have to get us. What we want honey. Dying people say the craziest things. Our kids are gonna be fat arent they. Hey! Hows the boat?! Well, its good that you finally have a place to do that. Do you know what I was thinkin? Nothing, I just like to go like this. Uh why, do you have a lecture? Then free as a bird. Whats up? Well, did-did you correct him? Oh no problem, maybe Ill play with my left hand. Does anybody know me?! Dont worry about it Pheebs. An old cookie? We cant accept this. Cause its gross. Okay, we owe you a present. I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad. Daddy. All right look, heres the story. Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. So I take off my glasses and thats when in happened. Guys? I know. Why do they put so much steam in there?! Why? Okay? Why? Wh-wh-why did that have to happen? Not that big a deal? There there was touching of things. I dont want him to tell this story for years. If that is your father calling to tell this story then the marriage is off! All right, Im off to see your dad. Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face. And by face I dont mean his lap. And by face, I dont mean my ass. So you understand, Id feel a lot more comfortable if you didnt tell people what happened. Yknow, Im a little. Im a little embarrassed about it. What did you do when they found out? So I guess we wear swimsuits in here! Its your mommy. Its your mommy. That was one of the worse things ever. And not just on TV. And say nothing? No-no-no-no. Hey! Hi sweetie. So, what was with all the whispering? Secret? Married people arent supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another. No Im serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you. Oh no-no, I cant do that. Okay. So, Ross and I are going to Disneyland and we stop at this restaurant for tacos. And when I say restaurant, I mean a guy, a hibachi, and the trunk of his car. So Ross has about 10 tacos. And anyway, were on Space Mountain and Ross starts to feel a little iffy. No, he visited a little town south of throw up. So what was Phoebes secret? Thats it?! I gave up my Disneyland story for that? Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick! What about him? Let me see this guy. WHWow! Dont show this to Monica! And dont tell her about the WHWow! Hey. Oh its always nicer to hear than, Aw crap! You again! Hey. Oh yeah? Did you not understand the story? Hey! Whats up? Huh. No! Shhh! Nancy Thompsons getting fired! I had too okay?! Were getting married! Married couples cant keep secrets from one another! Du-ude! Did you not hear me say, Du-ude?! In my defense, it was dark and he was a very pretty guy. Ho-ho, so hard we had to throw out your underwear again? You wanna tell secrets?! Okay! Okay! In college, Ross used to wear leg warmers! Ross came in forth and cried! Of course it is. Wow whoa! Hey! That was you! You have no trouble telling time now right? Quick! What time is it?! Yknow when I said that because were getting married that we should share everything and not have any secrets? Yeah that was stupid. Lets not do that. Yeah, and not that you would, but I wouldnt hang out with all the guys in my office. Hey. Someone on the subway licked my neck! Licked my neck! What are you guys doing? Oooh, Im afraid that does not exist. No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy whos going like this. I dont know what it is, I just cant take a good picture. Yeah, Im not in that. All right, but I should warn you, Im not going. Im going. How about those three pointers? And those guys were this close to lettin us play this time too. Yes, and we call Ross Lingers In The Bathroom. They have that on the napkins at the club. Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean yknow you cant date him right? Dude that is so sad. Could I play? Okay. No, I am. I do? Okay. Aww! Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me? I cant help it! Borrow money from me? Why is there jelly on your shoe? Hey! Im right here! Im still right here! Did you have a crush on me, when you first met me? Can you people not see me?! There I am! Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine. Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far! I dont know, but dont worry, dont worry, because I know how to take a picture now. Okay, see? Look down, look down, look down. Yeah! Ahhh. Oh yeah, that looks good. Okay. Im marrying her. Die Hard's still great! Whatd you rent? Joey, this is Die Hard 1 again. Yeah, I just got uh, got plans. No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch. Thats sweet. So uh, what did this woman look like? Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror? No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive. Hold on one second let me check this out. He gets up and grabs a photo album. Well, lets see. Okay uh, is that her? Julie Grath, my camp girlfriend. No, were still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her. Well, cause she came back the third summer and shed gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow. I did not say fat! I said, Fa-aa-aw-ow. Yeah. Yeah, but it was a really, really long time ago! Does she still feel bad? Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget. Seriously, good luck marrying me. Can you figure out what Im doing? Who? Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?! What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago. Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with! Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me. Its a nickname, Ill explain later. Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight. You-you-you didnt know that. Well, I guess my work here is done! As bad as that went I actually enjoyed myself. I think that Im going to apologize for all of the stupid things I do. I would really love it if could do both. What? What?! A hundred and forty-five pounds. Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15! Okay. Okay, now wait a minute that was totally different. You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back! Look you have to realize I dont think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is youre Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica. So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you. Id carry you around in my pocket. Skidmarks still got a way with the ladies. Come on! Why are we here?! The hot chicks? Wow thats actually pretty cool. Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey decimal system. You didnt bring me here to do that, did you? OH. MY. GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didnt tell her we were getting married, did you? Did she freak out? Right. You said no right? You said no right?! Lie! How hard is that?! The checks in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I cant wait to read your book Ross! What do you think shes just gonna sit there quietly? You dont think shes gonna want to make a toast? You dont think shes gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?! Yknow what? Its gonna be okay. Yknow what? Shes probably not gonna even want to come. No! That was a lie! See how easy that was? Yes! Yes! Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, its going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! Were not even sure why were having it. I say we go with Careless Whisper. Did she see us yet? Did she see us? Arent you just a tinsy bit curious? No-no-no-no, if we let her stay, she will stay forever! Is that what youre thinking about right now? Janice, Im sorry but umm, you cant stay here tonight. Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not. Say again? Feelings, such strong feelings. I just wanted to show Monica your book. No, no, no. No-no-no. No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes. Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases, fourteen. Oh, okay, time's up! Oh that's not bad, Pheebs? Okay, so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has the lead in vegetables, Joey? Does South Oregon have a sports-team? There you go. Oooh that may be a New World's record. Uh, Magellan? You got 46 states. I am only one man! Okay Ross, time is up! Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself. Okay, but if you can't no dinner! Sure, and Joey do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment. I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something. Which smells delicious! What? Tell her, I'm allergic, and I will sue! Huh! Where is the dog?! Phoebe, we can hear the dog barking! What is it doing here? Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just close up! Really? Well, it still has to go, right? Okay, it's um. I have to! Okay? It's time! Okay, I hate dogs. They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit. Is there a puppy here? Okay, you are new! Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable. And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. Oh my god! Here I am. How did you know? Where's Monica? Why not? Well, I, I should go in there. Why not? This is ridiculous. Monica's all upset, because I sent Clunkers away. Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do. I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me? And that doesn't scare you? No, no he went for a walk. Please, please, please, don't be mad at me. Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Yknow, for you, and. I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain. Clunkers?! Oh my god! It is so good to see you! It's up to you. All right. You got it. You got Nevada twice. Yeah. Okay, let me just straighten out your helmet there. Okay. Okay. That sounds like my first bike. My dad gave me his old one. Hey! What are you guys doing? Im sorry, who? But we dont know the neighbors. Wouldnt it be easier if we just moved? Eh, somebodys in a good mood! Well, either that or uh. Am not! Dont worry, Im brave! I am brave! I. I am brave! No-no-no-no! Can you tell me who is there please? 4:00 A. M. I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work! He does not know that I am not some of us. Mm! Night Gar! Hey, you cry every time somebody talks about Titanic! Hey! So are you enjoying the bike? What happened? Im just eating candy. Absolutely! Yknow, because touchie can mean both ass and good worker. What is the matter with you? Maybe, isnt she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud? Yknow what would work? Stop making candy! You mean they like you. Is that why you became a chef? So that people would like you? What is going on? Joey! What are you doing? Get in here! Hey, and you can not smoke in here! Merry Christmas. All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and Ill bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right? No not Candy Lady. All right, yknow what? Forget it, all of you forget it! Youve ruined it! Go home! Youve ruined it! Youve ruined it! Youre welcome. No! SmokesALot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth. Eh-uh are you okay? Buh-bye. I just got us reservations at Michelles and tickets to the Musicman to celebrate our first holiday season as a betroughed couple. betrothed couple. Hey! Pheebs? Skull? How long have we been home? Lovely! Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing? Why not? Hey! Ohh! You guys gonna be living together again? Well, she's just so much fun with Joey, I just assumed, she'd still be living with him. No reason, except she told me. No! No, she didn't say that. III think you should talk to Monica now. Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it? Hi, could we get two burritos to go, please? Forty-five minutes? We have tickets to the Musicman at 8:00. Is this because of the burrito thing? Give him money? It was a joke! Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money. Hey, I can be smooth. Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it. Okay. Had the money in the wrong hand. How do you know so much about this? Richard used to do it, didn't he? Mustached bastard. Excuse me. Ahh-hahaha! Thank you Gunther, put it there. Definitely not easier with coins. Thank you. Hey Pheebs! If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway? Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas! Hey! Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird turtle-man? What? You bet I did, Ben, put it there! Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! Ho, ho, ho! You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work! Why? But I didn't get to shape my belly like a bowl full of jelly. Fine, I'll give the suit back. Santa? Really? Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa? Then it's okay! Because, if Santa and the Holiday. Armadillo? are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas! Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah? My favorite part was when Superman flew all the Jews out of Egypt. Ohh. Mmm. Hey, you have got to try this cheesecake. It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us. I no! I didn't read the box before I opened it. And you can't return a box after you've opened the box. Because it's too delicious. No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, Mommas Little Bakery. I feel terrible, Im a horrible, horrible, horrible person. So. Oh, whats at 8:00? Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannies made some new friends. I used to undress my cousin Glenn. Another cheesecake came! They delivered it to the wrong address again! I cant seem to say goodbye. Well Ive forgotten what it tastes like okay?! Yknow what? Forget it! We are just hungry! We have not had lunch! We are just light-headed! So let us go out and have lunch and forget about the cheesecake. Good idea. Where do you want to go to lunch? Well, thank you for lunch. So apparently we just dont pay for food anymore. Do you see what I see? Mrs. Braverman must be out. By then, the cheesecake may have gone bad. We dont want her to come back to bad cheesecake. Well, we dont want that. But we should take it. Why? Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Im full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, Ill regret it. What are you doing tonight? Dude! Dude! Oh really? Uh, Monica said she had a date at 9:00. Thats what Monica said. Are you eating the cheesecake without me?! I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. How can you eat the cheesecake without me?! Yknow what? I dont trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and Im takin it back! Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh yes! Well thats not fair, youve already had some! What do we use to split it? Okay well, this side looks bigger. Uh. Theres more crust on this side. Yknow? So, maybe if I measured. All right, Ill pick that one. Ohhh! Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and dont come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my. Stick to your side! Thats a plane! No, Im not! Because its flattering! Come on Monica! Come on Monica! Monica! I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon? Sorry, I just cant sleep. Ooh! Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover Im like. What?! Ow! Shhh! Im sorry, I thought maybe Id make some warm milk and it would help me sleep. It got interesting! Damn you Oprah! Hey, yknow what we can do? Yknow, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, yknow like we did when we were first going out. Itd be fun! Okay, so how bummed were you when the second sister died huh? No. No, II was, I was talking about the book I was reading. Thats correct. What? What? What? Yeah! You? Yeah? I hope youre not thinking about cleaning the living room. Do you know what just happened? No. We were in the middle of sex and you fell asleep. Monica? I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right! Okay. Yeah! No! No! No! Dont fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee. And I probably wont spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor. Hm-hmm, I told you! I cant believe that Ive only got two hours before I call in sick for work. Well, youre not gonna believe this, but if you have seven minutes. Do you wanna? Couldnt I just say, This is Ross? Sorry! Joey! Joe! Full bag. Beers still cold. Something terrible mustve happened here! Oh no-no-no-no-no-no! Stevie, I was never here! My chair. Now, if anybody asks, your name is Rosita! Hey! Yeah, Id love to but Ive tried that so many times they wont even let me in the store anymore. Are you telling me that you bought the chair that is making all other lounge systems obsolete? The chair that Sit magazine called the Chair of the Year? Thats awesome! Thats great! What made you do it?! Whoa-whoa-whoa! You broke Joeys chair? I thought I broke Joeys chair! Thats why I replaced it with mine! Well, what did you think, that-that elves came in and fixed it? Im gettin my chair back! Joey you broke my chair! I think I should get the chair! Because you broke a chair and you broke a chair! The only one around here that hasnt broke a chair, is me! Well, wheres the logic in that?! So Joey breaks my chair and I get nothing! What are you guys? Like a gang or something?! Shes not as pretty as she was when she was 29. No Rach, its not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasnt that much fun. Ross, a sports car? Wouldnt it have been cheaper to just stuff a sock down there? Would you put that back on?! Monicas gonna be here any minute! Okay, for the last time. Its not named for each individual man. Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I cant believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter! And you! I cant believe that you would have a tux thats thirty years old! Ohh! Okay! Okay! Everybody down! Everybody down! Okay, everybody stay here. I will find out whats going on. Hey-hey are you drunk? Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents! Yes! Yes! Okay, heres the thing. Were gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that youre drunk. Yeah, Ill take care of it. Okay we have to do something about your breath. Thats still yours. Okay, now remember its a surprise party. So, when you go in, act surprised. Okay. Okay before we start the celebration, Monica has to go put on her party dress. See? Here we go. Phil. Now, there is a dress laid out on your bed. Okay, youre doing great. Youre doing great. Youre doing fine. Monicas a little drunk. Go change! She doesnt want her parents to know shes drunk. Monicas wasted. Okay, will you just go help her change please! Okay, open ours next. Open ours next! For my last birthday you gave me a hug! Okay, read the card! Read the card! No-no-no-no! That was the joke! No, because youre not a grandmother! Oh thats great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please? There we go. How are you feeling? Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and dont talk to anyone. Pheebs! I think its necessary. What? Okay, here we go. Hey! Howd it go? Well, here we are, just a bunch of thirty year olds. Monica said wedding. Do you think you could get through a poem? Too? Well, whatever it is, I hope it involves winking. Thats great! So great things are happening at work and in your personal life! Dont do it. I think its the dying cat parade. Oh my God! Yknow that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, Youre half Scottish right? Yes! Why is your family Ross?! If you listen very carefully, I think its Celebration by Cool and the Gang. Well, I feel like a snack! Oh no thanks. I dont like anything from my Scottish heritage. Well its just my entire family was run out of Scotland by. Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories. We heard you play all the way from your apartment! Thats not really important right now. What is important is while we appreciate the gesture, we just dont feel bagpipes are appropriate for our wedding. Because we hate them. We have heard you play. You mean the spitter? Easy for you to say youll be wearing a veil. You mean the guy who kept staring at your chest? Sorry, I just dont like the idea of when I say I do, hes thinking, Yeah, Id do her too! Yeah! Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us. We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva! No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together. Joe Yknow, we havent found anybody else. Yeah you can do it. Yeah. Hey! Hey! Our minister Okay. Should we call the spitter? Yeah. O-okay. See Joe, not that thats not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Yknow, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us! No, not us Us! See Joe, we want you to tell stories but yknow, romantic stories. Nice stories. Joe? Isnt that what happened with you and the bridesmaid? And I was a perfect gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight. But then later that night Hey! Well I was I wasn't exactly expecting company after 9:15. Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bridesmaid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, youre not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya? Well, look its been a really emotional time yknow, and youve had a lot to drink. And youve just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful woman in the room tonight! You kidding? Youre the most beautiful woman in most rooms Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whats going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out? But we dont do that. How drunk are you? Thats the perfect amount! What? I know. Well, I have kissed over four women. Do you wanna get under the covers? Okay! It bodes well for me that speed impresses you. Yep! Count of three? Two! Well I think its safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined. Eh! Joey! Joey! Joey! JJJoeyJoeyJJoey! Hey Joe! I was just watching a movie-e-e No! No! No! Theyre in my bag over there. Uh, could you leave me one? Yeah. No IIIm fine. What? Who did you originally want to hook up with? So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this? Oh, its not important? Its not important?! If it wasnt for a bridesmaid youd be marrying him not me! I dont believe it. The most romantic night of my life and Im runner up. Look there is no way youre doing this wedding now. Okay? Okay, its just weird! Okay? I dont want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! III needI dont know what I need. I need a walk. It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin. Hey. Do you want this scone? It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you! Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first! Thats what you should say. When youre marrying us thats what you should say. Id love it if you would do it. But those are the words! Those exact words! Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important. So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that were trying to get to play at the wedding? Oh since forever! I used to go all over town listening to bands! Gap commercial. So did you book them? Did you call? Do you want me to call? Staying out of the way. Sure! Thats one of the great things about being engaged. Im not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore. Smooth. So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet? Huh. Hey! Uh Joe, when its one oclock in the morning and you dont come by? Thats okay! Really? Right across the street? Whend you meet her? Excellent! Yknow Ross met somebody too! Hi! Howd it go? Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in Rosss situation? So this is nice! I wish I didnt have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. Oh uh, by the way, whats the name of the girl youre dating? Bye! Joey got meat sauce on the banister again! What are you guys talking about? But I love swing music! Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And theres another reason too. I dont want to say. Well its just while Monica and I were dancing to them it wasthe first time I knew thatyou were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with. Hi, honey! Im home! Why? Do you have another boyfriend in there or something? Yknow its funny I started it but, now its scaring me. So could you come out here please? Oh you got a wedding dress? Thats great! Well then why cant I see it? Okay I promise. IllIll hate it. Wow! You-you lookhideous. Yeah, thats like the most ugliest dress Ive ever seen. Wh-why do you have to return it? Oh thats great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean its like yuck! Its terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you! Okay! I thought you were gonna be gone all day. Oh totally! Pull my finger. Okay. Well, I think the centerpieces are too big. Kinda. Theyre really big. What? No. No, see when I first meet somebody its uh its mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating. Sleeping with somebody new: anxiety, panic, and, Im afraid, even more sweating. I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives. Well yeah! But now that I know that youre having these thoughts, Im back to panic, anxiety, and uh Im definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink. Water! Water! Water! Hey! Yknow ImIm really glad we decided not to sleep together before the wedding. Yknow I was thinking if we had aa big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?! Thats me! Come on! Well, get rid of her, obsessive and shrill. Hi! Nice to meet you! Ill be right with you. I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. Its called being a good conversationalist. Watch. Say something. Umm, so this Aunt Marilyn is-is-is-is she coming to the wedding? This is so sad. I mean, I only have like ten pins. Yknow I think we should invite them. Well this is just sad! Well, thanks a lot for hookin me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest. Well, whats the deal with these? These-these look nice. You mean like for award shows? You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, Who are you wearing?! You look fabulous! Okay, who wore those? Not bad. Whos that? Pierce Brosnan? Are you serious? 007?! This is James Bonds tux?! Oh, I have to get married in James Bonds tux! Oh, its not just that, I would be Englands most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majestys secret service. A man who fears no one with a license to kill. Would Monica let me wear this? A freakish thin date with a hanger for her head? What? You cant wear that! Im wearing the famous tux! James Bonds tux! SoIf you wear that youll make mine less special. Please, dont take away my cool thing. Please?! Pretty please?! Look, its my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you. That was pretty 007. Ross is Batman! Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James Bond! Batman has a utility belt! Batman has the Batmobile! Batman has Robin! We get ESPN right? Actually, I dont like martinis. Ooh, yum! I would but mine doesnt fit. The pants are a little tight. Well, does that mean that youre not going to be wearing yours? Let me try it on! Okay. Holy double-vented comfort Batman! Whats this? An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didnt wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy! The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell. Well, youre welcome. And tell them were really glad theyre coming. All right! I found one that fits! Whose is it? Whose is it? Oh, come on! I dont care! Come on! Whose is it? Do you realize you get louder each week? I figured Id buy those. Pat, Id like to buy a vow. Right. So uh, have you written yours yet? Do you happen to know what Im going to say? Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! Whats wrong with me? Ooh, dont open that door. Monica, there are no words There are no words! This should not be this hard! Im so pathetic! Monica knows what she wants to say! You shouldve seen her. Writing, writing, writing! Yeah, Im not sure I can do that. Okay. All right, theres a nuclear holocaust, Im the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me? There are seven?! Thats one? Oh, yknow-yknow what, I was looking at it upside down. Monica Yeah? You'll get one. All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one? Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically. No, no, no. Uh, uh. Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack! Nice try. Look, Monica This is not going to work. You are so great! I love you! Nothing! I said, I said You're so great and then I just, I just stopped talking! No I didn't! No I didn't! No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Yknow I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here? Well, what if all my stuff was here? Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what Im saying? Oh my God. Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought Wait a minute, II can do this. I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. And if youll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. Monica, will you marry me? I've had a very long, hard day. Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then. Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken. Hey Joe! Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some coleslaw, some beans, and a CokeDiet Coke. It happened in London. The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it. No-no-no-no-no! You can't! Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname? Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching! Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me? Phoebe knows about us! Ahh yes, the messers become the messees! Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her! Look, she's not backing down! She went like this! Okay, give me a second! Did you clean up in here? Oh, you're-you're going? It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very happy we're gonna have all the sex. Not if I kiss you first. Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss. Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win! I can't have sex with ya! Because I'm in love with Monica! Love her! That's right, ILOVEHER! I love her! I love you, Monica. Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet. Who are those people? Whats going on? So we both finished our vows. Dont worry honey, well make yours funnier. Okay, what do you guys think? You really like it? I stole Monicas and changed the name. Oh! Right. Umm, maybe thats because I didnt send him an invitation. I dont even know the man. Okay? Were not that close. I havent seen him in years. Well he doesnt have to know! Its not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas. Trust me, you dont want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress. Whats this? Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowersThink of the money well save! Were not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please? Yknow we already went over this and I won! Look forget it okay? I dont want to go. I dont want to see him. I dont wanna. No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, youd have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Yknow its hard enough to be fourteen. Youre skinny. Youre wearing speedosThat your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and theres your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. He was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack! He had sex with Mr. Garibaldi! Does it matter?! Yeah o-okay, but Im just doing this for you. So I really never get to win anymore? Yeah, I just ordered a beer! No! No! I dont want him to know were here yet! Im not sure Im ready for that. And besides, hes not gonna be too happy to see me either. I dont know if Ive told you this, but hes kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years. Yeah, hes made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Yknow its all very Cats in the CradleI dont want to get into it. Here we go. And theres daddy! Believe me, Ive been saying that for years. Oh my God! Thats Mr. Garibaldi playing the piano. Hes coming into the audience. Hes coming into the audience. It cant happen like this. Okay? Ill meet you back at the hotel. Chandler. Oh, theyre a hoot. Actually Monica and I are engaged. Wait! Wait! Wed really love it if you could be there. I know it would make me happy, maam. Yeah. Thanks for making me do this. When I was growing up Iplayed the one on the far left. Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the mrs. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain. The young hot ball and chain. Whats up? Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. Im buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night. But youre still my friend? During this timeare you, are you still my best man? Do I still call you Ross? Hey, I hear what your saying, okay? And, thanks for the warning. So are wefriends again? Okay. You wont believe what Monicas older brother just said to me! Okay. Heres a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces. Yes, include more people in this. Wait a minute! I have a date tomorrow night. Well you dont have to sound so surprised. What? Honestly? Me too. Yeah. Yknow I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and Ill go allChandler. But nothing has. Okay. Ill be right there. Were the Bings. Mr. and Mrs. Bing! Hi. Mom. Thanks for wearing something. Hidad. Oh my God! How did you guys find me? I knew I shouldve hid at the gym! Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that Im related to Monica. How is she? No! No! No! I cant do that! Because if I go home, were gonna become the Bings! I cant be the Bings! The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games! No. Its not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybodys! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And Ive met me I am not Paul Newman. I dont race cars! I dont make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity. I want to. I love her so much, but Im afrIts too huge. Well yeah, but then. Depends on what you mean by we. No. Yeah okay. Well, whats the next little bit? Yeah. Youre right. Hey II can do that. Okay, excuse me for a minute. Ross, I am not gonna run away again! I just want to get a little fresh air. Okay. Oh fresh air! What? Ross! Thats right! Im not! I know about Monica. Yeah, I heard you and Rachel talking. You dont know? Monicas pregnant. Well I was! Then I went down to the gift shop because I was out of cigarettes. But come on, look at how cute and small this is! So I got it to give Monica so shed know I was okay. You look beautiful mom. You look beautiful too dad. I love you both. Im so glad you're here. Are you Joey? You look beautiful. Is this new? Okay. Hes Greek Orthodox. No, thats okay. Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way, its okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if Im sure? I do. I love you. And I know about the baby. Our baby. Phoebe found your pregnancy test in the trash. Thenwho did? What?! What are you talking about? Whos the father? Why not? As in Barbara Streisands husband James Brolin? Yknow I am the groom right? I was told it was kinda big deal. Before we go out there Ive got a present for ya. No? Ive been taking dancing lessons. Yeah, the last six weeks. I wanted this to be a moment you will never forget. So? Would you care to join me in our first dance as husband and wife? I dont know, its these new shoes, theyre all slippery. Not well. Thank you. Bravo Dennis thanks for pleasing my mother so. Funny: ha-ha or funny: What size shoes do you wear? Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I borrow the boots from your costume? Those arent eleven and a half. And the world will never know. Yes, I told him how talented you were. I told him all about Days Of Our Lives. But youre not just a soap actor. You are a soap actor with freakishly tiny feet. Did it turn into sand? No. No, I wont. Do you know why I took all those lessons? See, for the first time I didnt want you to be embarrassed to be seen on the dance floor with some clumsy idiot. Why? Hi! Were checking out of the bridal suite. And Im the happiest guy in the world! Oh honey, come on dont be upset. We still have so much to look forward to! We got the honeymoon. The wedding pictures? Not the disposable cameras from the tables. Ill tell you what, I will go get them developed and you can go home. What? What did you take a picture of? Okay Ross has the cameras, has he checked out yet? Oh. Okay, well Im gonna get Ross, get the cameras, and get them developed. 32 Joe. Youre 32! Hey. Soaps? Shampoos? Are you really taking all this stuff? Yeah but you dont needWhat is this? Score! Where are the disposable cameras? The cameras? Remember last night I told you to take them? Yes! Remember? Right before we cut the cake, I went up to you and I said So you dont have the cameras?! So? What? What? Theyre gone! Monicas gonna freak! Great. Hey! Did you find the cameras? Yes! And thats why Im under the table. Celebrating. Well this is great. Yknow, those cameras were the only thing that was gonna cheer Monica up today, shes really depressed. All my energy is going into not asking that question. I cant believe I screwed this up! Are you suggesting we dance our troubles away? Are you serious? Marriage advice? Really?! I dont know, Monica picked out the flowers. She picked those out too. That was her. I was in charge of the cameras! Gift shop? Uh, excuse me? Could you take a picture of us? Uhh Yeah sure. Click! Oh yeah. Ill take, Ill take your picture. Who are you? Ansel Adams?! Get outta here! Why dont you go up on stage. Ill get a picture of you doing the speech. Okay, you ready for the last picture? Get ready to run. Congratulations on your wedding. Were back! Its picture time. Heres a picture of Ross. And thats me. And thats me and Ross. Oh-ho, that is a picture of our first kiss as a married couple. Eh? Okay, so this isnt a picture of our first, but it is a picture of my first kiss withwith this lady. Which by the look on your face Im sure youll remember. So we dont needTheres no need to have this picture. How about I take the real pictures and get them developed right now. Okay. You opened all the presents without me?! I thought we were supposed to do that together! Call it even?! Hey! Babe! Arent you excited were going on our honeymoon? Bermuda, Bahama, come on pretty mama Id better go pack. A Speedo? Uh, I dont have a Speedo. Im gonna go pack my regular long bathing suit. Hey, what was that all about? What?! I didnt even know thatWhy didnt you tell me?! Why am I talking like this?! What?! I am an excellent secret keeper. I have kept all of our secrets. Oh no-no Joey, I am not going to tell you because I am an excellent secret keeper. You already know. Oh honey, leave them alone, theyre in love. We are on our honeymoon. 25J and K, any chance those arent together? No. Just act like you belong. Shh! Nice to see you again. Yes, of course. Oh thats all right, I have it memorized. Its 1A. Apology accepted. Excuse us. Oh youve got to be kidding me. Were you just ten seconds later! We need the stuff. What else is new? Wait. Before we go in, I just want you to know I love you. I had a great time on our honeymoon, and I cant wait to go in there and spend the rest of our life together. Theyre terrific, and they live right here in the city. Im sorry, were just kinda excited because we finally have a couple to hang out with. Listen, they are really great. If you just got a chance We reallydidnt get a chance to Ross! Its got your wavy black lines! Yknow who has a great video camera? Lets call em. Here you go. What? I dont know! You were a delight to talk to. You asked al l those insightful, great questions. Yeah, were gonna need to see that tape. I still dont get it, we didnt do anything wrong. I thought you said those jokes were funny. Joke! Joke! Joke! Well maybe it was all of your questions. The sheer volume, it was like flying with the Riddler! Was that another question? Did you do it on our invitations?! So, just the ones gave back to us and we had framed! Thats the magic story you use when you wanna have sex! Jenny! That is so Jenny! You know me sir. Oh ah, I do have a question for ya. Do you know how I get around the office computer network so I can access the really good Internet porn? Whats funny about that? Hey thats okay. So, where do you want to go? The Hard Rock Caf? Again?! You like the Purple Rain display! Hey Bob. Yeah, he thinks thats my name. Oh its been going on way to long now. Yknow, I mean the first time he said it we were just passing each other in the hallway, so I didnt say anything. And then the next time he said, Hey Toby, do you want a donut? And II wanted a donut. And now its five years later, the donuts gone and Im still Toby. No! That would be so awkward! LookBesides, we work in different departments. Hes on the sixth floor yknow? So he calls me Toby once in a while. Whats the big deal? It could be worse, its not like hes calling me Muriel. Shh! It is a family name! Hey Bob. If I see him, Ill ask. Yeah! Were on a semi-first name basis. Bob? Ooh, working here with us? Everyday? Yeah, I dont know if he has what it takes. But this is eleven. Its almost twice as hard up here. I think its best sir. Yknow what you should do, just toss em in the shedder and claim you never got em. What does a guy have to do to be taken seriously around here?! Sure, whats up? Hey Bobby. Uhh yeah. Yeah, its right, right down there. Right there, yeah. Can I ask you why? Okay Bob listen uhh, Im the reason you didnt get the job up here. Bob! Well that puts me in a difficult position. Bob. Bob! Bob! What the hell are you doing?! Youre an actor! Monica! Can I talk to you for a second? Listen, I appreciate you getting me the costume The Velveteen Rabbit was brown and white! No bunny at all! Always no bunny at all! How is that me? When have I ever done that?! Wow! I dont have the worst costume anymore! Oh! Hi! Joeys gonna be thrilled! He was hoping youd come by as a slutty nurse. Youd think that would embarrass me, but you see Im maxed out. Marry her. Howdy doody. Oh relax man, relax. Youre looking a little flushed. What question? Theres no question. You picked Ross?! I cannot believe you didnt pick me. Oh really?! You think youre stronger? Why dont you prove it? Youre going down. That means nothing to me. Come on! And dignity. Nope! I can do this all day. God, Im exhausted. No way! If anything youve gotta let me win! My wife thinks Im a wimp! Youre Spudnik. Fine. Oh no! Listen, Ive got a secret for ya. I let him win. No, I let him winRoss! Would you tell her I let you win please? I am strong! Ill show you! Oh whats the matter? Are you scared? Okay. 123Go! Im gonna kill myself! Hey. Yknow uh, I didnt actually do this. No, it wasnt you. I got a maid. Yay! Uh honey, I know you dont like to relinquish control. Look, shes really nice. Okay? And she mentioned that she adored the way that you arranged the sponges. Yes, I distinctly remember cause I thought it was a joke. Now just give her a chance, okay? Whats the matter? See? I told you. What? So she stole your pants and then she came back and wore them in front of you? She mustve been planning this for years! Honey, isnt it possible that the company that sold the jeans made more than just the one pair? So, shouldnt we go give her the benefit of the doubt before we gosnooping around her crotch? Out of curiosity, what is your secret ingredient? Hi! How come? To see her pants? Are you sure? Did you see the stain? God! She is not stealing from us! Okay, will you let this go? Oh dear God! And yet you dont recognize that youre crazy. Heres another planNo! Why? I fear a jury will see it the same way! You see that? All right. Yes. Okay. I get your point. But if its not your bra will you just let the woman clean the apartment?! You need new clothes. Im leaning. This is where I lean. Brenda a bee! Yes! Its flown into your blouse and youd better undo your buttons lest it sting you! You do? I totally understand. Can I just see your bra? Her what?! You had a bachelorette party?! I thought we werent gonna have bachelor bachelorette parties! Yknow, we agreed that it was a silly tradition. You went home with the waitress. I cant believe you didnt tell me! You know that the two pillars of marriage are openness and honesty! My God! You must be good in bed! Shes okay with Rachel and the baby? Well, you have to honest with her! Otherwise you may think that youre going down the same path, but youre really going down different ones. What? Honey! Thats crazy! I dont want you to get me a stripper. Look, I appreciate it, but uh, its a little creepy. Yknow? Im not a bachelor anymore. All right fine! But Im only doing this for you! And Joey. Ah, no-no-no just Ross. Ross and Joey is embarrassing enough. I understand: who would cancel an actual date to go to a fake bachelor party? What are you doing? Okay. I cant believe tomorrows the big day. Youre right, this is more fun. Hi. Thats me. Yeah, yeah right over there. That was weird. So shes a. I cant believe there is a naked hooker in there! Could be. I mean technically she did strip, we just, we just missed it. Maam, are you also a stripper? That is funny, maybe for my birthday shell murder someone. Oh actually, Id rather youYeah, go ahead. Were gonna have to burn that room down anyway. Why would she do that? This is the worst bachelor party ever! In a minute? Whats gonna happen in a minute?! Why me?! Which is why you should do it. You do it! All right Rock, Paper, Scissors who has to tell the whore to leave! What? I dont think weve actually done this before! Well wewe still hang out. Well yknow, things are different. ImIm married now. Yeah, I miss that too. I tell you what from now on well make time to hang out with each other. Her ass print is still on your grandmothers quilt, do you really want to talk about smoking? Monica! Wait! Carry on. Could you not narrate? I have no idea. Yeah! Im just pretending to watch the game so I dont have to help out with stuff. Nope! Every once and a while I just scream stuff at the TV. Yeah! Anderson just scored again! Theres no Anderson. Oh hey. Id shake your hand but uh Im really into the game. Plus, I think itd be better for my ego if we didnt stand right next to each other. Im watching the game, but Im not deaf! Yknow, its been a while since weve screamed something. Maybe we should. Oh come on! Good game! Yeah. Solid effort. Solid effort. Detroit. Everybody at my school heard it! You were the hermaphrodite cheerleader from Long Island?! Im sorry. When you were in high school you made out with a 50-year-old woman? Did she look 16? Well, she probably wasnt familiar with the process having spent most of her life sitting for oil paintings! Yes, I believe we can expect a call from the President any moment now. New haircut? Necklace? Dress? Boots? Boots! Oh my God! Im gonna miss being able to afford food. She had a point. Yeah well, too bad were gonna have to return them. I have you. Hey-hey. You can wear them with shorts on a street corner and earn the money to pay for them. Hey! I dont think you did a very thorough job! Whats wrong? Oh dont forget, my office holiday party is tonight. Now sweetie, I know you dont like my office parties, but you can wear your new boots. See? Every cloud has asupple leather lining. Why not? Do you think I work at some kind of boot pricing company? You said that you paid all that money because those boots go with skirts, dresses, and pants! Okay. Yknow, that party wasnt bad. I dont see any uh, cabs. Maybe we should just walk? What honey, its like fifteen blocks to the subway. Lets go. Whats going on? What? So I was right. This is what it feels like to be right. Its oddly unsettling. Hop on. Honey, I know youre in pain right now, but Im a little turned on. Okay, ten blocks down. Five to go. Oh Im sorry! Do you need a break? I can see it from right here. Itll cost you one husband. I dont have your boots. Well, why dont you check in one of my saddlebags while I chew on a bale of hay! Honey, are you seriously ever gonna wear the boots again? Yknow what? You can say goodbye to the tan ones. Okay. Honey, you remember my boss Doug right? I didnt know you and Carol were getting divorced, Im sorry. No. Oh yeah. Boy, urine cuts right through an ice sculpture doesnt it? Oh uh, as it turns out, we cant do it. Monica has to work. Oh uh well tomorrows no good for her either. Its the semi-finalsof herbotchy ball tournament. Well now-now youre just talking crazy. Because uhwe-wewe split up. Monica and I split up. Hold me. Yknow what would really help me through this tough time is choking something. Can I choke ya? Oh no-no-no, Monica would freak. But to hell with that bitch. Oh thats all right sir, and thats just one girl. Its a hand. Its a thing you use as a Jack and Coke holder. Oh no-no-no! Hi honey Im home. It was awful. To get out of going to dinner with Doug I told him that you and I split up. So then he took me to all these strip clubs and sleazy bars, and then when I wouldnt give him my wedding ring, he threw a soda can at a bird! Yknow what the worse part was? I got to see what my life would be like without you. It was like Its a Wonderful Life with lap dances. Please promise that you will never leave me, that we will grow old together, and be with each other for the rest of our lives. Ooh, I dont know if were there yet. Oh my goodness! Where did you hide it? Pheebs you didnt have to get us anything for our wedding you already sang. Oh, okay. I kinda like it here. Well what did it do? A vending machine? Who cares? Its a stupid game. I dont suck. Its sucks. You suck. Why do you want to play this game so bad? You are not going to believe what I did today! I got good. I played this game all day and now I rule at it! They should change the name of it to Ms. Chandler. Although II hope they dont. Uh-huh, and I got all the top ten scores, I erased Phoebe off the board! High five! Well Ive been playing it for like eight hours, itll loosen up. Come on, check out the scores. Oh, and also look at the initials, theyre dirty words. Because its awesome. Well yknow, they only give you three letters, so after ASS it is a bit of a challenge. It is when you put it together with that one. Come on, he wont even know what they mean. Have you talked to him lately? No-no-no, if you unplug it, Ill have nothing to show for my day! It would be like I was at work. No! Hey look at that! Look at that, its still there! This thing must have some kind of primitive ROM Chip in it or something! With the claw?! Pull my fingerMy hand is messed up. I did. But it came at a price. Oh come on, by age seven kids have already seen orgies. Was it just me?! One more score to go! You can do it! All right! Go left! Go left! Go right! Go right! Are you, are you high? Really? I dont like baths. Honey, its not the bath I enjoy, its the wet, naked lady. Really? What do you do? You just sit in there stewing in your own filth. Honey, its 2:00 on a Wednesday and Im watching Road Rules, how stressed do you think I am? Oh! Uh, yeah! Is this a cold pizza talk or a leftover meatloaf talk? Oh my God, whats up?! Oh no-no, no you dont, just come back. Do you? In London? Yes. When Monica and I were in London, we were both in London. If that. Hey. Sex on the balcony? What is it? Honey, I dont like baths! Could you draw me a picture of us having sex on the balcony? Well, this does butch it up a bit. All right, if I do this, can we at least discuss sex on the balcony? All right, this isnt so bad. I like the flower smell! Which is okay, because Ive got my boat. Oh my God. Im going to need a bigger boat. Im in the bathroom, can you come in here? I think theres something wrong. Im in the bathtub. I drew my own bath, but I did it wrong! The waters tepid. The salt didnt dissolve and is now lodged places. And the scents I used dont compliment each other. Eucalyptus and chamomileOh! The bath salts! Theyre starting to effervesce! Its different. Its interesting. Yeah! Sure, sure. So, what was going on with you today? Oh-oh-oh! I had the exact same conversation. I dont know! Joey hasnt had this much trouble getting out words since we saw him in Macbeth! All right, lets break this down. What exactly did he say to you? Uh-huh. He didnt say anything about that to me. He was asking all these questions about you, me, and London. And, of course the glue that holds this all together, the rules. But what did he mean by rules? Because he was looking at her differently. My God! He wants to do it with Phoebe in London! You dont say anything. Im not going to let you say anything. Oh, God! Do I smell essential oils? Okay. L-leaving my troubles behind? Oh, its so hard to care when youre this relaxed. Hey! You told her?! Because its a relaxing and enjoyable time! You like Rachel?! Yes were all in here and we would love for you to join us! IllIll get you later! Yeah. And what youre doing feels so good. Youre not? Oh, sweet Lord. New realms of pleasure! Hey Pheebs, whats up? Buy stamps, pick up dry cleaningDont let Phoebe in. Well, Phoebe I thought IdYeah, what the hell. Hey babe. Who says you cant get a nice punch bowl for under six bucks? Maybe we can take it back? How about to the street say from the balcony? Okay. How about in that cabinet? How about the closet by the bathroom? Oh no-no-no, I will do it. Honey, you have to learn to sit down and relax and let your husband take care of things once and awhile. Its locked, you have to help me. Why is it locked? Oh yknow, Ive been living here a while and Ive never seen whats inside that closet. What is, what is in there? Dont try to make me uncomfortable with feminine stuff! Fine. Love you. Phoebe if it helps Alexandra has only been massaging Monica for like three years. If! I said, If it helps! I wasnt trying to open your closet! I wasnt trying to open your closet! I swear! Monica has a secret closet and she wont let me see whats in it. I dont know! What could she possibly be hiding in here that I cant see?! Why would Monica be keeping Richard in here? And here we go. There has got to be a way! Yeah. Oh no wait, Im not an nine-year-old girl. Maybe Monica has a bobby pin. So, hows the hideously inappropriate crush on Rachel coming? Thats a good idea. Okay. So uh, Ross is kinda bummed huh? Well, its not your fault. What are you gonna do? Not take her to the hospital? Yknow? Youre doing nothing wrong. Except for harboring an all consuming love for the woman whose carrying his baby. Richard? If-if youre in there, could you pass me my credit card? Not to shabby, I got this all off myselfusing my wifes tools. Oh my God! Youre messy. I married Fred Sanford! No, honey youre not sick! Look, I dont love you because youre organized, I love you in spite of that. Yes! And look, now that I know if I got some extra stuff lying around can we, can we share the closet. Hey. So Rachels all moved out huh? How are you taking it? Are you okay? Happy Valentines! Candy and Cookie. Candy and Cookie? Monica got me porn?! Girl-on-girl porn?! She really must love me! I love you, St. Valentine. Woah, woah, thats not pretty! Worst porn ever! Worst porn ever! I am trying! Why did you get me this? Its yellingbleedingdilating. Oh, the dilating. I thoughtmaybeyou got me porn for Valentines Day. Well, Im not really in a sexy mood right now. Well, remember the first time we saw Jaws? How long it took to go back in the water? You dont know. You didnt see it. Oh, beautiful? Really? Beautiful? You think this is beautiful? See, honey, theres 90 seconds. You know, it haunts me? Up til now, the worst thing I ever saw, was my father doing tequila shots off the naked houseboy. After this, I would gladly make that my screensaver! I can do that. Okay. Now all weve got to do is get rid of this chair. Oh, I know! Poor Ross. Oh, great. We have to watch him do yoga in his underwear, but for this he closes the drapes! Oh, and we should warn you, before you watch it: dont watch it. Well, lets just say its ironic how footage of someone being born can make you want to kill yourself. This reminds me of a very specific part of the tape. Okay, here we go. Why have I seen this thing three times?! Wait, you guys, look! No, the babys out! Look, look! And look how happy the mom is now! Oh! Shes growing inside you. Oh! I think thats the youngest girl ever to reject me. Oh hey! No. I mean I believe that uh, certain people are more suited for each other and I believe in falling in love, but soul mates, I dont think they exist. Why? What? Come on, dont be crazy. You dont think theres someone out there better suited for Monica than me, do ya? A tall guy with hair similar to mine, oh unknowable universe! Luckily, the guy she settled for cant hear what youre talking about. You believe that this guy is destined for someone else and youre still gonna date him? What? Whats wrong with sun-dried tomatoes? On a barbecue chicken pizza? No? What are you doing?! I believe in tall, handsome strangers who hit on my wife! Cheese you say? Thats some pretty smelly work, huh Don? Cheese, its smelly. You must smell a lot of the time too. Is it made of cheese? Oh come on! Are you listening to this? What do we do? Sure, why dont you set it up. Ill just be over here, browsing through the personals. Yeah, fine. Fine. Not perfect! But good enough. Im sorry, did you say cheese? Phoebe thinks you and Don are soul mates, and I dont believe in that kind of stuff. But then you two totally get along. So look, I wont stand in your way if you want to run off with Don and live in a house of cheese. No. But Im sure tomatoes does. You dont? So youyou dont want to live with Don in a cheese house? I love you. Yknow what? I am going to take you out to dinner tonight. I found this place that makes the greatest mozzarella sticks and jalepino poppers. No? Really? They taste so good. Hey! I dont see him. Do you see him? What?! No! No! I dont know what thats like?! Up until I was 25 I thought the only response to, I love you, was, Oh crap! We didnt play it! I didnt know you read tea leaves. What does yours say Pheebs? Well, Im sure you get another one at Ann Taylors. Phoebe, did you see that?! He totally checked you out! He is so cute! Mine has a picture of The Village People, what does that mean? I know its tough now, but things will get better. Im not great at the advice, can I interest you in a sarcastic comment? Some cheese? Lets just say if I cant find the right CD case I just put it in the nearest one. In the James Taylor case. Honey, Im gonna save you some time, 200 CDs, not one of them in the right case. Well, if were gonna do that we should come up with some kind of order. Yknow alphabetically or by genre? They were just giving those away at the store in exchange for money. Oh my God, honey we are so meant to be together. We both have copies of the Annie soundtrack. What problem did you tell him you had? The sunll come outtomorrow! Betyour bottom dollar that tomorrow therell be sun. You can always sell your baby. Wow, Ralph Lauren is really going out of there way to show theyre not in the baby buying business. Oh Im sorry, youre kicking me out of my own living room? Ill be in there. Oooh, did he put a little starch in your bloomers? Who said that? And you wonder why Ross is their favorite? What are you doing? Its a dog. Its your parents anniversary and youre going to talk about their dead pet? Yeah, sure. What do you need? We got lace, satin, sateen, raffia, gingham, felt, and I think my testacles may be in here too. Ha! Yeah. I dont think the flash went off. Somewhere there is someone with a tranquilizer gun and a huge butterfly net looking for that man. What are you doin? Ya know if you want to, I can just hold them down and you could. If onlythere was something in your head to control the things you say. Is that gal pal spelled LOSER? No, were just four people with neck problems. You talk like this. Nice work my friend. And a bagel with only. Hey! Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much? All right! Isn't this a woman's hat? Yknow what, we have to turn off the porn. All right, ready? Two. Yeah, thats kinda a relief. You wanna see if we still have it? FREE PORN! We have free porn here! Whats wrong with you? This sounds like a hernia. You have toyou-youGo to the doctor! Thats still in there?! Stick to your side! Mento? Thanks. It hurts me. It physically hurts me. Youre turning into a woman. Now Ive upset you? What did I say? Oh my God, introduce us! Hey Joe! You wanna shoot some hoops? Thats great. Youll be perfect for this! Thats already your name! Okay, I guess we can lose to junior high girls some other time. Bamboozled? No! Well Joey, Im a headhunter. I hook up out of work Soviet scientists with rogue third-world nations. Hi Rasputin! Bogota. What does a Wicked Wango card do? Higher or lower than what? Can you believe how lame this is? This is ridiculous, hes not gonna hold his breath. Let me see that. Triscadecaphobia. Fear of Triscuts? This game makes no sense! Oh come on Ross, I think were all losers here. Let me think. Let me thinkOh! I dont care. Either, it makes no difference. Ill take a card. This game is kinda fun. I dont think the contestants are supposed to speak to each other. Treasure of the Sierra Madre! Madre Sierra the of Treasure! Id like to go up the ladder of chance to the golden mud hut please. Six! Hungry monkey. Tell it to the Time Turtle! Oh come on! Id like a Google Card. Yes! No! Google! Nooo! This is the best game ever! Hey. Im so sorry. I have a job interview I have to get ready for. And people say you dont pay attention. No, this is a much better job. Its vice-president of a company that does data reconfiguration and statistical factoring for other companies. Thats what I do now. The front page? You really do live in your own little world, dont ya? Hey Phoebe! Fatty! Well, I got a job interview. Its kinda a big deal too. Its a lot more money and Id be doing data reconfiguration and statistical factoring. Me! I do that. So Seriously, do I look okay? Im little nervous. Why not? What about it? What?! Are you serious?! What is it that I do? Did you like me when we first met? I cant even believe this! I really come off that badly? Oh good. Good, because Im sure this interview is gonna last a couple of weeks. An hour. Phoebe! Chandler Bing. Well you should meet my uncle, Bada. Ill let myself out. I think youll find if I come to work here, I dont micro-manage. I dont shy away from delegating. What I do dois manage to uh, create an atmosphere of support for the people working with me. Hardest thing Ive ever done in my life. Oh! Really? Okay. also I was the point person on my companys transition from the KL-5 to GR-6 system. That I did. That I did. My duties? All right. I see. Good to know. No dont I beg of you! Really?! Yeah I gotta say thank you, I was really nervous. Yknow Ive been told I come on to strong, make to many jokes, and then it was really hard to sidestep that duty thing. Duties. Duties! Poo. Oh my God this doesnt count! Okay? The interview was over, that was the real Chandler Bing in there, this is just some crazy guy out in the hall! Call security! Theres a crazy guy out in the hall! Ill look forward to your call. Lets. Hey! Did you have the baby yet? Hes not snoozing, hes teaching a class. I havent seen this dress. You really want to take me? So youre never actually going to pay me back? I always knew you were gonna make it. Im so proud of you. Yeah well, Im gonna go spit. This is so exciting! Its so glamorous! People taking our picture. How do I look? What? Its just so glamorous. Good job Joe! Well done! Top notch! Oh-ho-ho, yeah! The whole thing! Can we go? I love the specifics, the specifics were the best part! I was surprised to see a kangaroo in a World War I epic. Dont go! Im sorry. Im so sorry! Look! This guy fell asleep! He fell asleep too! Be mad at him! Or, call an ambulance. Where have you been?! I tried to call you! I want to talk to you! I still feel so bad! Im so sorry. What?! You dont owe me anything, I dont want you money. I dont know, five hundred dollars? Well then there was the second set, the infamous booger head shots. Do you want a calculator? Here! Well uh, there was acting classes, stage combat classes, tap classes. Uh then there was that dialect coach who helped you with that play where you needed a southern accent. Which after twenty hours of lessons still came out Jamaican. Yes, money well spent! Okay, two, three years of rent, utilities, food. Hi! Man, if only youd gotten here sooner. Yeah? Okay. Okay. Ive been thinking about it too, and I, I think were ready. But you said you were ready too. Yes, but havent you wanted a kid like forever? Im not crazy about babies. Im crazy about us. Look, weve always talked about having babies someday. Im not saying it has to be right now, but Im starting to think that we can handle it. Were good. Were really good. But nothing has to happen until your ready. What?! Its not right! Were not ready to have a kid now! Im kidding. This is going to be fun. Were trying to get pregnant. Yknow Im not really comfortable doing this in front of the babies. So, when do you want to start trying? Period math? Yeah. Right here? Wait a minute, its perfect. We got a lot of time to kill and were in a building thats full of beds! Okay. Okay. Uh, well dim the lights, dim the lights. Or turn them out all together. Uh, no scented candles. Okay here. Here we go. Yes, 98.6. Youre gonna be fine. Should we tell Rachel theres an empty private room right next door to hers? Well let me think about that, while I remove my pants! If its not, then theres two of them. And that would mean its the end of the world! Hi. Weirdest thing. Did I hearMother of God its true! JanJanice! Janice I didnt even know you were pregnant! Whos the unwitting human whos essence youve stolen? What?! Thats funny. Does it-does it hurt? Does the labor hurt? Its incredible, I mean one minute shes inside you and then 47 hours later here she is. So, do you know what youre gonna call her yet? So then I guess Ferdinad is out. You do? Oh no, its gonna be named after some snack or baked good isnt it? That was amazing. And if not, we got to do it on a bucket. He pulled a quarter out of my ear! Okay. Wow. Sure. That was you?! I thought it was Jack! What?! Why does she think that? Again, what?! As we all are at some point during the day. Ross had a ring?! And he was gonna propose? And you did it first?! This is gonna kill him! You know how much he loves to propose! Well, what did she say? Does Ross know? Well maybe you dont have to tell him anything. If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to find out, but you have to do it now before he hears about it and kicks your ass! Honey, weve been over this. I need to be facing the other way. Im so tired. Yeah okay, but no foreplay. Hello sir, you know Monica. Look, we cant stay in here forever. This is okay. Were all adults here theres nothing to be ashamed of. Now, lets put our underwear in our pockets and walk out the door. I just want you to know that what you witnessed in there, that wasnt for fun. Why? Why-why-would youWh-why Look, I just dont want you to think that were animals who do it whenever we want. Thats funny, this conversations how I got the bullet hole in my head. Seriously sir, my brains? All over the wall. You still havent told Rachel you werent really proposing? Joey, you have to tell her whats going on! And what did it look like?! Go and tell Rachel right now before Ross finds out. Okay, look, just do it gently. Hey. Yea yea. No, no, Ross and Rachel will be back soon and then I gotta go to the office Am I producing them? Couldnt sleep last night you know, then I started worrying about this big divisional meeting that I have later today, the more I worried about it the more I couldnt sleep. Yknow? I was like, if I fall asleep now Ill get six hours sleep, but if I fall asleep now Ill get five hours sleep. Not matter what I did I couldnt fall asleep. Hey, what do I know? I wanted to get a bigger gorilla. Walter. Yep. Yes. Hey. Monica can I talk to you outside for a minute? Actually Pheebs its more of a husband and wife kinda thing. Umm, you know how we always said that it would be fun to move to Paris for a year? You know, you could study French cooking and I could write and we could take a picnic along the Seine and go wine tasting in Bordeaux? Okay, you know how that people say that Tulsa is the Paris of Oklahoma? People whove never ever been to Paris. Were moving to Tulsa! Okay, Ms. McKenna, she kind of works above my boss, she asked me to move to Tulsa and be the president of our office there, and I was sleeping and apparently, said yes. The Sooner State, whatever that is. Really? Oh What A Beautiful Morning! Surrey With A Fringe On Top. No, no, but they are going to lease us a Ford Focus. Ill get out of it. What is wrong with Emma? Umm maam, do you have a minute? I kind of have some bad news. I dont think I can move to Tulsa. Its a funny story, actually. I kind of fell asleep in the meeting this morning so when I said Id move to Tulsa, I didnt really know what I was saying. But only because I was up all night worried about this meeting, aint that funny? Irony? Not a fan, alright. See, heres the thing. I went home and told my wife about Tulsa and she wont go. See, me, I love Tulsa! Tulsa is heaven! Tulsa is ItalyPlease dont make me go there! No no no! Look, Carol, can I call you Carol? Wh-why would I when your name is Elaine? Oh what a great picture of your son, strapping! Thats a picture of your daughter, isnt it, well shes lovely. I like a girl with a strong jaw. Ill call you from Tulsa. Hey! Oh so there cant be any yelling. Were moving to Tulsa. Shhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! I cant, I cant hear you. Hey, what you guys talking about? Good morning everyone, it's nice to see our team together for the first time. Now, before we get started, are there any questions? Yes, Ken is it? Well, don't believe everything you hear, Ken. But yeah, that's true. Alright, let's get started by taking a look at last quarter's figures. Ah, Claudia, aren't you supposed to blow smoke up the bosses' ass? No, no, no-no-no. I smoked for years, then I quit. Right now, I can't remember why. You're not allowed to smoke in this office. Not right? Alright, look. I don't smoke anymore. But if the rest of you want to light up, go ahead, it's fine. So you all smoke then? That's almost rude, that I'm not. Ken, please! No, I can't, I can't smoke. If I smoke, my wife would kill me. I always liked you, Ken. Actually, in Oklahoma smoking is legal in all common areas and offices with fewer than fifteen people. No! I just happen to know a lot of trivia about smoking in different states. For example, in Hawaii cigarettes are called leihalalokos. Ah, do you think, Monica's gonna be able smell it? Pheebs? Okay, something to cover the smell. Oven cleaner! Unscented! No thanks, I'm good. Right. You know what? Actually I just got off the plane, so I'm feeling kinda gross. Maybe I should just take a shower. Alright, the truth is, I soiled myself during some turbulences. Yes, but I just had one. Two. Two tiny cigarettes. Okay, five. A pack. Two packs a a carton. Three big fat cartons in two days. But it's over, I made a decision, I'm not gonna smoke anymore. But, those are for you. I messed up, it was a meeting, everybody was smoking. Will power? I've watched home movies of you eating ding-dongs without taking the tinfoil off. OK, look: Can we just drop this? I'm not gonna smoke again. You forbid me? You know, I flew a long way t see my loving wife is she here, by the way? Oh, would you say this was the most upset you could be? Then, I might as well do this Not really sure what to do now. Fine. What?!? You're serious? Right, fine, I'll do it, but no talking. And no kissing your neck. And lots of kissing your neck! Look, I can't do this. I can't make love to you while we're fighting this way. That was a celebration of life! Alright, look, I'm not gonna do this. Alright, is this really the way you want our baby to be conceived? You mean it? You are incredible. I'm not gonna smoke again. And if I do, I promise, I will hide it so much better from you. Yeah, let's celebrate life! Uhh. You are welcome. What? But you said you forgave me. It was just a couple of cigarettes, no big deal. I can't believe it. You tricked me to get me into bed? I feel so used. I would never lie to get someone into bed. I suppose that Monica will have the, manipulative shrew. You mean the willie story? Oh yeah, that's what she says. But maybe you're not ovulating at all, maybe it's just a clever ruse to get me into bed. You not gonna believe this: She lied! She tricked me into having sex with her. What's the matter with me? Why I'm such a girl? So you never had sex with a Kennedy, have you? Hello? Hello? Honey, you're screaming. Oh, that's great. Awesome. Funniest guy she's ever met! I'm funny, right? What do you know, you're a door. You just like knock-knock jokes. Save it for inside! Hey! So. Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in any other state. And what's with Oklahoma having a pan handle? Can all states have stuff like that? Hey yeah, I'm from the waistband, Wyoming. But when I was seven, we headed over to the crotch. And don't get me started on the way that people from Tulsa talk. What's with the word y'all? You know, just, two words just, pushed together. Are we all allowed to do that, because if so, I say why stop there? You know, your new poodle could be your noodle. And fried chicken? Could be fricken. Waiter, waiter excuse me, I'll have the fricken? See, that's, that's funny with the fricken, right? Yeah, he came up. Were you there? Hey! I need you to set me up for a joke. Later, when Monica is around, I need you to ask me about fire trucks. Well, thank God your livelihood doesn't depend on it. Monica says that her Maitre D. is the funniest guy she's ever met. Yes! Am I crazy to be this upset? Yeah! Ye. Hey! What are you guys talking about? You got a man who's a nanny? You got a manny? You know, I don't mind a, male nanny, but I do draw the line at a male wetnurse. If I'd known you guys were coming over, I would have brought more pizza. What is so funny about that? Did you tell her what we talked about? So those were pity laughs? PITY LAUGHS? Oh yeah? Is he funnier than me? I do limericks, uhm. There once was a man named Chandler, whose wife made him die inside. Well, I'm off to Tulsa, so if your Maitre D. friend has any funny Oklahoma jokes, tell him to e-mail me at www.hahanotsomuch.com. Really? See, that's the thing: you gotta keep it smart, people! I love you too. And. I like you as a friend. See ya! Hi! How come? Do you have any ideas? Oh, and you know whose knowledge of her. Oh, well. Maybe I'll join them some time. I just hope the club. So how come Richard's selling the place? Went bankrupt? Medical. mmm That's enough about you! No, no, no, no, no, NO! No, no, we're not together. We're not a. We're not gonna have this conversation again. Look at this. Chandler looks around the place and his eye gets caught by. There's a tape here with Monica's name on it. Get there faster! I'm not gonna watch it. I don't NEED to watch it. I mean, what. Don't judge me, I'm only human! I had to! Okay, imagine you were married, and you found a tape. Some girl.!? Yeah.!? Allright, I'm gonna watch it. I mean look, it's probably not. Then you're gonna have to watch it for me. Just for a few seconds, so I can know what it is. Please? Why am I hearing cheering? Football? Just football? It's football. It's just football. This is great! This is the. Whoho ho. Listen to the judgement from the porn star! Because that's who I am, okay? I'm sure a mature man like Richard. This is about you and Richard. He's clearly not over you. He keeps. Oh, yeah, well, poor Richard. Y'. I can grow a moustache! Yeah, oh, but I just keep picturing you rolling around with him. Oh, good, good. Play more, 'cause I wanna see how it ends. What? That's not you! Life is good again! Ride 'em cowgirl! Is that a problem? Yeah. Hey, here's an idea, why don't we use our wedding china today? Honey, she keeps canceling on us, take the hint. What is the point of having them if we never use them? I will explain it to her. Muskogee! That's like four hours from Tulsa. Woo hoo! TV announcer: And heres the float with the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives. Joey's eyes become large and he stands up. Aren't you one of the stars of the popular daytime soap Days of Our Lives? What are you going to do? Well you proved them wrong. I'll tell you what, for the rest of our lives, I'll be careful until told otherwise. hey wait a minute this isn't the china we picked out. Why? Oh suddenly, flowers are feminine? I can't believe you'd want us to raise Emma. You know, guys I got to say. This means so much to me. That you would trust me with your child. I mean, we all know that Monica and I have been trying to have a baby of our own. You know I've had my doubts about my skills as a father, but that you two, that you two. No, if crazy plate lad. If Monica dies then I would get Emma, Right? Actually what? What? So if Monica's not around, then I'm not good enough to raise Emma? Well what is wrong with me? Am I, am I incomptent? Because I managed to survive whatever it is that killed the three of you! Look, I may not know a lot about babies, but do you really think I'm not capable? Ok. So if we both had Emma and I die she'd have to give her up. So, let me get this straight. So my two friends die, I get Emma. Then my wife dies, then Emma the one tiny ray of hope left in my life gets taken away from me? Oh? Did somebody miss me? Is there a child to raise poorly? Yeah but they're right. I mean, I'm not a strong father figure and I never will be. Yeah, but its not who I am. Everything they said was exaclty why I was worried about having a kid. And its true. And look everybody knows it. Oh yeah, well can you picture me saying Go to your room! You're grounded? You said that to me last week. Oh no thats okay, you're totally right. I don't know anything about disciplining a child. But it did hurt my feelings and I want you to know that when I die, you don't get Joey. Ross walks away with a face of yeah ok. Alright! That is it. This is our apartment and you can not behave this way. Now if you can't act your age then you shouldn't be here at all. Now those plates may not be as nice as the pretty pink ones I picked out, but they're very important to Monica. I want you to apologize to her right now. Okay. Thats better. Now I want you to both apologize to each other and mean it. By the way, that fight was totally arousing. Oh yeah? Well thanks. Okay, but you should know he eats five times a day and shoves pennies up his nose. Oh no no no. I'll get her. I'm super-compentent and totally responsibile and fourth in line to raise Emma. I'll be right there Emma. Just let me get my trusty diaper bag here. Well, what do you know? I guess, I'll be the one who dies first. top of box so thoroughly, there isn't an inch of cardboard which isn't. Nope. Yep. Nope. Hey, so I'm gonna, put the plates back. You know, I think you were right, I don't think we should use these plates again for a looong time. Maybe not even then. Yep. That's a lot of cats Jo Lynn. Single are ya? Chandler Bing. What's up Joe? Braid each other's hair and ride horseback on the beach? Courtside? Oh my God. That's so cool. I'll let Monica know. Joey just called. He's got courtside Knicks tickets for him and me tomorrow night. But hey, it's courtside. The cheerleaders are going to be right in fr. That's not the way to convince you. I know. You're right. I want to see you too. I've just got to figure out a way to tell Joey, you know? He's really looking forward to this. Yeah, ah, ah. I'll think of something. Hey. Oh well, look at you. Well, it looks great. It's just that, well, I'm wearing the same thing underneath. So. See what I mean. No, no, no, no, no. Joey can't know that I'm here. Because I didn't know how to tell him that I couldn't go to the Knicks game. So, I just told him that I had to stay in Tulsa. Achhh. It's always better to lie than to have the complicated discussion. Except with you. You know, it's funny. I've been, ah, practicing the art of seduction myself. Hi ya. Yah. It's Joey. Hey Joe. What? Why? Look I, I can't. What's going on? NO! Can you, hear him, now? No! Wait! All right, look. Just stay there. I'm coming home. Is that really necessary? Don't you think it's better for him to think that you're cheating on me, than for him to think that I'm cheating on him? I heard it. All right. I've got a plan. I'll go down the fire escape. Hear me out woman. I'll go down the fire escape. Then, I'll wait for a while. Then, when I come up the stairs, it'll be just like I just got back from Tulsa. Then, Joey and I will come in and see that there's no guy in here. I'm just going to wait for a little while. It's huge. Well, you're forgetting about the time difference. That's right. You're husband's home. So, now the sex can stop. Joey said that you're in here with another man. What is he doing? All right. Well, I'll check the guest room. There's nobody here Joe. I climb down the fire escape and you can't put that in the closet? I'm sorry. I, I told you I was in Tulsa because I wanted to spend the night with Monica and I, I didn't know. I didn't think you'd understand. Yeah. I feel so bad. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you? I'm sorry. That's the one thing I can't do. I promised I'd be with Monica. What? Really? You're gonna be okay? You're gonna put on sweats and clean, aren't you? Okay, bye. Hey, listen. I'm never going to lie to you again, okay? And I want you to know that nobody thinks you're stupid. Game's tomorrow night Joe. Say goodbye elves, I'm off to Tulsa. Yeah, we have all this paperwork that needs to be filed by. So, who does? I'm sorry I won't be here. Thanks. I'll see you new year's day. Did I not mention that? All right everybody, I know that it's Christmas eve and you'd. Hey. Where've you been? You hear that? You may not be with your familys, Y'know what, I know what will cheer you guys up! he starts. Well, that's like money in your pocket! - Alright look, you want. I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with. Haha, no thanks! Oh, thanks! I'm, actually thinking about becoming a. Typical Christmas-y stuff, you know? Our holidays are pretty. I can save you time ladies, I'm right here. What? That's terrible! Oh well, that, that makes it not terrible. No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents! No, you don't have to, and you can't because I, I live here too. Why? No, I have a great idea for a present for her. If I help, we can find 'em faster! OK, Pheebs, your turn. And, a lemon lime. And last but not least. Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas! Hey! Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing. What? You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a. Why? But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly. Fine, I'll give the suit back. Santa? Really? Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa? Then it's okaaay! You know what, everybody? Go home. You should be with your. Good, God's speed, good people! he starts to close the door, Ah. Thanks. Ah. Chandler Bing. Hey! I've got nowhere to go this morning. I'm unemployed! I don't know what I'm gonna do with my life. I mean, what am I supposed to do with myself? But it's all so overwhelming. I don't know where to start. Hey! This is where your hyper-organized-pain-in-the-ass stuff pays off! How long was I in there? Wait. Advertising! That's a great idea! I don't think I have to hear the rest. Advertising makes perfect sense. Sorry you had to waste all this time, though. I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? Cheese. It's milk that you chew. Crackers. Because your cheese needs a buddy. A grape. Because who can get a water melon in your mouth? Honey? Leave it to the pros. The phone. Bringing you closer to people who have phones. No, no. But let me show you what I can do. Bagels and donuts. Round food for every mood. Really? That's great! It's funny. When you said unpaid it sounded like you said unpaid. Actually, we're trying, and I don't think Monica's gonna wanna postpone it. We're supposed to have sex tonight. Actually, she's probably at home naked right now. I tend to keep talking until somebody stops me. I can just picture her on the bed right now. Whatever I decide to do, I'm gonna be starting a career from scratch. It's gonna be a while before I make a living at it. Maybe now is not the right time to be starting a family. Yeah. Yeah, Ross is here so. Hey. Oh, yeah. But you have to give it back if I get a job. Of course, by that time in the future ties will be obsolete and we'll all be wearing silver jump suits. Oh god, I have to tell you something. You're not pregnant. That thing that I have to do to make a baby. I faked it. Oh yes you can. You just make the faces and the noises. That's actually why. Look, I'm starting a whole new career now, and I'm not saying that I don't want to have a baby, I'm just saying maybe we could wait a little while. Or a year? It could be less than a year. I mean, you've heard my stuff. Pants. Like shorts, but longer. It'll probably be more than a year. Yeah, me too. Look, I'll just get my old job back. I quit and you learn what I do? I guess. It's always gonna be scary when we have a baby. Should we go make a baby right now before you change your mind? Oh, and I promise, I will not fake it this time. Hey. Oh, she's at home, putting up decorations for Rachel's birthday party tonight. I tried, but apparantly singing I will survive in a helium voice - not helping. Yes, Bravo on the hot nanny. Are you kidding? If I wasn't married she'd be rejecting me right now. Now that Rachel's gone? I wasn't staring. I was leering. Looks like Joey is doing allright with her. Seriously dude, 3 years ago. You don't trust him? Is this really your long term plan, for me to run interference? Because I could get a job any day now. Allright, fine, but don't blame me if it doesn't work. Because you know as well as I do that once Joey sets his mind on something, more often than not, he's going to have sex with it. Picturing that tree? Where you going, Joe? Oh. You mind if I join you? Your thoughts? Plural? I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Joe. Yes, as a matter of fact he did, so I can't let you go. Great novels? I'm sorry, I got a little occupied. Right behind you, big guy! Hey! Sure! Just give me a second to get all huffy and weird like you! Do you believe that who ever. No! Our balcony? Seriously? That's so funny because I told Monica we should put lights on our balcony. And she said. So are you gonna talk to her? You know when That's fine sounds true when someone yells it and spits! No no no. Good. So you're moving on? Do you have any idea where you're moving? Dude, don't rub my face in your crazy single life! Why did I get married?! Hey it's the most eligible man in NY. How's the moving on going? Well maybe you're going about this the wrong way. You know I mean think about it. Single white male, divorced three times, What are doing? You know I can only dish it out! Maybe she didn't move on, you know maybe that kiss was just an impulsive one-time birthday thing. Did she go out with him? Ah! The high road. Are you trying to get everybody divorced? I thought I had to make the jokes! Oh come on! Hello! Hi! My name is Chandler, here's my friend Ross right here, and we were wondering you know if you're up for it. We still got it! I don't get it neither, I mean you're obviously desperate, you're asking women how they want to be killed. By drowning or?! Well. Wow, it seems serious. What seems to be the problem, Ashley Judd? I am sorry, moment to make fun of that, please! Its like a baby caterpillar chasing its mama! Ok. First of all, this is green! All right, I will help you out but you have to promise me you will not tell anyone what I am about to tell you. Ok, you know how most kids get their allowance from mowing the lawn or taking out the garbage, well I earned mine. Yeah, well, I guess you dont need my help Victor Victoria! Oh, not with my combination of ice cubes, aloe Vera and my gentle self-loathing touch. And done! Thanks. You wanna see what it looks like? Yeah, yeah, I think it looks pretty good. I was a little worried I was uncovering a birthmark right about. No problem. Yeah. I am sorry I am late. Youll understand when youll see Joey. Really? In front of all this people? Oh my God! Are those my wifes nipples? I gotta stop this. You, touching yourself, out! Jeremiah was a bullfrog. Was a good friend of mine, never understood a single word he said, but I helped him. See, now, why would you assume that? Just because we're married? I will have you know that we are very hip, happening people. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to reading the obituaries. Wow. Well, I think it's great that you're going on a date, you know? I mean, it sounds healthy. I mean, you have needs. Embrace your womanhood! Emma? Emma? Look at me! Well, I think I'll go downstairs for a while. No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! It's okay, it's okay. I didn't go. Don't cry, it's just a bit! I'm your uncle Chandler funny is all I have! I don't do that. I'll try to stop. Wait, did you say until the sixth? Today is the sixth. Yes, it's also 2003. It's okay. Go take the test and see if we're okay. Tough crib. I might have checked to see if I was ovulating a couple times. I am not working. There's not much to do around here! Oh, good, because as of four o'clock this afternoon, I am not. I - I don't think I can. Because of Emma. Sorry. Well, she's aware when we leave the room. She may notice if we start, canoodling in it. Well, I can't say hump or screw in front of the BABY. Horrifying? Scarring? Something people go to jail for? You guess I'm right? When we stayed at that bed and breakfast, you wouldn't have sex with me because you thought a deer was staring through the window. Emma was doing it! Ooh, she's asleep, that means we can. I think we may have really done it this time. You may wanna get some more of those too. Where's Emma? Don't ask me, I was in there canoodling you! Okay. All right, all right, we were. We were trying to make a baby. Monica's ovulating. No, no, no. What? Why? Your family name is Tribbiani. Guys, guys, I've got great news! Guess what Thank you. I got a job in advertising. Actually, it pays nothing. It's an internship. Right. So, it'll be the same except less sex with you. Well, it's a training program, but at the end, they hire the people they like. Yeah, I mean, there's probably gonna be some ground work which will probably stink, you know, grown man getting people coffee is a little humiliating. Humiliating and noble! Good morning, everybody. Oh, no, no, I'm an intern, just like you guys except for the tie, the briefcase and the fact that I can rent a car. Yeah, well, I'm kinda heading into a new career direction and, you know, you gotta start at the bottom. Right. Look, I know I'm a little bit older than you guys, but it's not like I'm Bob Hope. The comedian? USO?! Honey, I'm old! I am so much older than these other interns. I can't compete with them. Yes, but I don't think life experience with these. They're these prototype sneakers and come up with ideas on how to sell them which I can't do because no self-respecting adult would ever where these. What am I supposed to do with these? Well, first of all, they're not called sneakers anymore. Apparently, they're called kicks or skids and I think I heard somebody say slorps. And here, look: they've got these wheels to pop out from the bottom so you can roll around 'cause, apparently, walking is too much exercise. Kids, kids, roll your way to childhood obesity! Would you help me try to sell these? No, I don't think that's the kinda thing they're looking for. Hey! Putting on the sneakers thought I'd get into a younger mindset, you know, to see if it sparked anything Yes, how's this: They're so uncomfortable it's like getting kicked in the nuts for your feet! You know what these aren't half-bad! You should suggest something like these to Ralph Lauren. Alright I feel youger already! Yah, I think I broke my hip. Okay You start on the image of a guy putting on the shoes. He's about my age A-huh. So he's rolling down the street and he starts to lose control, you know maybe he falls maybe hurts himself. Just then, a kid comes flying by wearing the shoes. He jumps over the old guy and laughs, and the line reads: Not suitable for adults! Oh, thank you, sir or man-who's-two-years-younger-than-me. I don't know, I don' I don' know! I was just trying to get into a young mindset, you know, and it just started to flow. The cold weather hurts my hip! Did you see our bank statement? Can this be right? I'm not sure what they did, but I'm inclined to blame Enron. Maybe I should quit and get a job that pays. You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal out of this. ok? So we pay our bills a little late this month and maybe next month we cut back on a few things. And maybe we start eating out of Joey's refrigerator for a change. You're chef, what can you make out of backing soda and beer? No! We're not borrowing money. Because we don't do that. We are Bings! And if there's one thing my father taught me was, well to always knock before going into the pool house, but the other thing was never borrow money. That's right! I do! And I'm your man. And I'm going to get us through this situation even if it means you working twice as hard. Yeah, she's not so cute. Yes dear. Hey Joe! Listen er. I need to ask you a favor but you can't tell Monica anything about it. And that would have made the official party line. Monica and I are having a little financial trouble. What? What do you mean you know? Oh! Right. Anyway, err. I need to borrow some money. Yes! Two thousand dollars exactly! How do you know that! Oh ok. I can't believe her! Did she tell you we were having money problems? What? What would she get for herself for two thousand dollars that she wouldn't tell me about? Hey Rach! There she is. My perfectly proportioned wife. Oh no.don't thank me. Thank you. You know there's not one thing I would change about you? Not one single thing! And definitely not, two, single things. No no! I just love the way you look, I am warm, for your form. Well yes yes. You look nice can mean that your face looks nice. I want to compliment your body. I mean. I wouldn't change it. At all. And more specifically, I wouldn't want anything to get any bigger. I mean, You wouldn't want any part of me to get any bigger would you? Don't answer that. Hey Rach! Ah. Perfection. Wouldn't change a thing. Not a thing. Yeah? But honey you don't have to. Honey I. I love your breasts the way they are! your ass?!?!? They do that? God why why would you want to do that to yourself!? Alright look, if it means that much to you, a may be able to get on more with the big boobs. But the giant ass and the big clown feet? What? Well! We er.climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul, but these last three feet are where it gets really tricky. Aaaaand, hernia. Ah, look on the bright side, I mean you won't have to live with this ugly chair! That was here already huh? I love you. Hey! Ready to go? What are you doin'? Great, a faster way to tell people that I'm unemployed and childless. The tall girl who wouldn't sleep with you? Bet she'd sleep with you now. Let me see what you wrote about yourself: Doctor Paleontology, two kids. You split with Carol because you have different interests?. I think you split with Carol because you've one very similar interest! Maybe we finish this for him! Also I cloned a dinosaur in my lab. She's now my girlfriend. I don't care what society says. It's the best sex I've ever had, aaand SEND! Oh, I'm so sorry! You're not gonna need my help? Oh good, 'cause I've already thought of 3. 4! I've just thought of a fourth. I believe I read that somewhere! I respectfully disagree. Who cares? Nobody reads those things. I don't have a page. Because I told everyone he slept with dinosaurs. Would you get that please? People have been calling to congratulate me all day. Hang up, hang up. And that was a great movie! I'm so gonna get back at Ross, oh yeah, this will show him, here we go. Oh, you'll see my friend. And so young. Well, how you died was funny. It kills over one americans every year. You wanna talk about people's feelings? You should have heard how hurt professor Stern was yesterday when I told him I wouldn't be able to go with him to Key West! Hey, Ross, I just wanted to apologize, don't tell me you actually made those gay pictures of me? Huh! So that's what I would look like if I worked out, and was being serviced by a policeman. You're not actually going to send these out are ya? No, come on, you know that's not true. Well, the gay community is a lot more vocal than the dead community. Alright look, let's think about this, ok, do you really think that people are gonna stir up your family at this tragic time? That people are gonna post condolences on a website? This is not about people not caring that you're dead. This is about people not having a decent outlet for their grief. Right, I mean, come on, I'm sure that if you had a funeral or a memorial service, tons of people would come. Ross, what're you, what're you, what are you doing? You're having a memorial service for yourself!? Ross, don't press send, don't press se.! There you go! Someone came! Please, come in. Oh yes, yes, let me, take your coat. At least he died doing what he loved, watching blimps. Some guy, Tom Gordon. Ok Tommy, that's enough mourning for you! Here we go, bye bye! Ok! Please, one ridiculous problem at a time! You gave them one day's notice, not everyone in our class checks the web site everyday and Monica, it's probably the way you stand! Oh, that's not true. You had an impact on me, I mean, it's 15 years later and we're still best friends. Doesn't that count for something? I'm sure it's somebody for you. Now, go hide. Kori? Kori Weston? Wow! You look amazing! Chandler, Chandler Bing. I'm not gay, I'm not gay at all. Don't listen to him, he's in a really bad mood! I didn't know Ross and you were so close. I'm sure that would mean a lot to him. And if heaven has a door, I'm sure he's pressing his ear up against it and listening intently. Yeah, because if I was at my old job we'd say 300 million? No thank you! Still on Amelia Earhart? Yes but there's six of us so we'd only have to get struck by lightning 7 times. I'll ask. Boohaki? Kinda like Joey. Pie eating contest? No, I saw a picture of you covered in blueberries. Don't touch the phone! I'll get it, I'll get it, I'll get it! Hello? Hey Charlie, what do you know? Damnit. Alright call me when you know more. One of the slots got filled. Sense the tone! No that kid Nate got it. Yeah I know. Yeah. I mean I want this so much! I mean, I wanna get one, I want my friend Charlie to get one. Except I don't care about Charlie. I can see the headline now: Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm. Well you wouldn't, but we own the paper, we can print whatever we want. Ok, so now that you're in, what are you gonna do if we win? Ooh! Calm down. You know, I'm not sure a sports team is the way to go. You're right, it has been you dream for over 15 seconds. I'll take this one too Uh. Mommy? Hello? Hello? Oh, hey Charlie. Did anybody else hear?. What? Susan got it? How? Oh man, I would have slept with him! Alright, bye. Well no, Charlie's gonna get that. He's the boss's son. What about the ones you have on the nightstand? Yes there are, I just saw them a few minutes ago. Honey, there are like 20 tickets on the nightstand! She's right, you shouldn't have bought tickets just for us. Let me finish, however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have principles, so screw you, the tickets are ours! Oh, yeah! Thanks for inventing the lottery! Can I come a little bit closer, valuable things are getting squished. Hey, there's two messages. These could be from work! Ok, here we go! This is.shhh! Oh, is she related to Ralph Lauren? Yeah, you know, I really thought I deserved it. But, let's go win the lottery. I mean, we still have 130 chances to win, right? I got that! No. Ah, the I'm sorry I rejected you phone call. I'm not used to getting it from guys. Hey, Steve. Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for that stuff! And I'm not too mature, farts, boobies, butt cracks! Me, that guy who just said butt cracks? Ok well, thanks, you won't regret it. I'll see you tomorrow. What? Oh, yeah, I'm gonna be a junior copywriter. Does that mean I get the good loving tonight? Thanks, man. Really? What? Oh yeah? Listen, don't tell Monica, she'll rip your heart right out. Wow, you'd think we should get that over 20 years or go for the big payout. Me too. Have I got a surprise for you! Pack your bags! What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont! So, what do you say? Can you get out of work? Are you really that busy? Oh, that's ok. I'll just try and reschedule. Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it. Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? Oh, can't you make an exception? Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok? Oh, thank you very much! Yeah, I'm going to Vermont. I don't have travel insurance. Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. New York. I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Just give us the cheapest room you have. That's insane! Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? We'll take it. What!? They are totally ripping us off! Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Dude, you're shaking! USA Today. And I also got, two more apples. I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. I think I know what you mean though, the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs, oh, you already got that. Ok, how about this? Yes, but the batteries. Thank you, thank you very much! No! Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. What? Look, we have enough, just walk away. There's a forest right outside. Ok, go quick! I got you something from Vermont! Well, let me see. II believe I'm, yes, falling asleep in front of the TV. I could fall asleep at a play. Uh, let's see, who do I hate? Hey! Yes, but, Ross you chose a career of talking about dinosaurs. No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now. Where the hell is everybody? oh yes, God yes! I. I don't know, you seem lovely. So, how did you enjoy the play? Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained not to listen! But after chapter 16: fat, single and ready to mingle, I was uplifted. Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Did somebody sign your bra? Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death. I missed most of the party Charlie's a girl, right? So, a professor, uh? Oh, yeah? Oh, well. Maybe we could. We really need to take those tests? But I don't wanna do it in a cup! It's weird! In a doctor's office? I cannot believe Ross told you that! And in my defense, it was a Wendy's! Yeah, ok. I'm sure that doctor's office can't be worst than on a class trip to the Hershey's factory! Oh, yeah! RACHEL TALKS TOO! I have a weird feeling about this place. How do I know that they are not gonna secretly videotape me and put it all over the internet. Deposit my specimen? You know, usually I have to call a 900 number for that kind of talk. Thanks, got it. Yeah, I guess! Oh, Come on! Why are you here? No no no. I mean, why? why is she here? What!? I'd love to stay, but I have eh, got a hot date. I think it just fell off. My specimen is in the room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there. Really helped speed the process along! Janice! You're not, gone? Yeah! yeah. The hard part is over! I haven't. I haven't even thought about the results yet. I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok. Yeah, but what if it's not? What if there is a reason why we can't have a baby? oh, oh, yeah, ok, thanks. I can't believe I didn't even think of that. I guess I was just so worried about having to, come here and do. 'that'. It was a Wendy's! It is not okay that I'm aroused by this now. Hello? Oh hi, Doctor Connelly. No, she's not here but, you know, I can tell her. Should I be sitting down for this? Oh. Well, so what does that mean? Ok. Ok, thank you. Thanks. Doctor Connelly just called. Actually it's both of us. Apparently my sperm have low motility and you have an inhospitable environment. It means that my guys won't get off their barcaloungers and you have a uterus that is prepared to kill the ones that do. It means. It means that we can keep trying, but there's a good chance this may never happen for us. I'm sorry. Well, we're gonna, we're gonna figure this out. Wow! Fortunately she has a very pretty face! Oh, I can't believe my sperm have low motility because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they sure seem to be in a hurry to get places! Hi. Oh, DAMN IT! Is that a hint? Because we love you Doctor Connelly but we don't think we'd want you to be our child! Wow, talking about an inhospitable environment! Hey guys! I think I can safely say that we all have family issues, work stuff and or are sick. But you come first! Ok. Not as much fun as last time. Apparently you only get porn if you're giving a sperm sample. Well, there's surrogacy, but Monica has dreamt her whole life of carrying a child, she has felt that watching a surrogate would be, too hard for her. Yeah. Aside from adoption the only other choice is insemination, so, we're talking about sperm donors. ah-ha! I wish there was an easier way for us to have a child but I don't think there is one. Hey! Look I brought a friend for dinner, this is Zack, from work! You guys haven't actually met before, but, boy! You're both polite! Go to have a seat Zack, and I'll get you a beer. So, Zack's pretty nice, uh? So, how would you like to have a baby that's half yours and half his! Well, we're talking about sperm donors and Zack may be the guy! I mean, look, he's intelligent, he's healthy, he's athletic, I mean, he is spermtastic! No, I invited him to dinner so you could get a chance to get to know him! I mean, if we go through a sperm bank you never meet the guy, get to check him out. I'm telling you, he's great! I mean, even if my sperm worked fine, I'd think he'd be the way to go! Ok! Zack! So what do you think? I want that guys genes for my kid! Those eyes, those cheeckbones! You don't like him. Alright! Just follow my lead! Oh! Thanks, I'm crazy about our place. Hey! speaking of crazy, do you have a history of mental illness in the family? That's really not the kind of thing we are looking for Zack. You know what's not funny? Male Pattern Baldness. I noticed you were enjoying that Ravioli with a beautiful set of teeth. Did you have braces as a child? We're teeth people Zack! You sure you don't wanna stick around a little longer? Are you just tired now or are you always tired, 'cause that could be a sign of clinical depression. Ok. I think we've found our sperm! Yeah, you think so, well? Should I ask him? Why not, just because his great-grandmother was obese, our kids are gonna get that from you anyway! Yeah, he's better! Really? Are you sure? Thank God, because I don't wanna do this either. You know, I was just doing because I thought that was what you wanted to do. You know, I'm the husband, I'm supposed to, bring the sperm. So you know this leaves us with. How do you feel about that? Me too. I wanna find a baby that needs a home and I wanna raise it with you. And I wanna mess it up in our own specific way. Yeah. We are gonna be great parents. Wait, if we're lucky, and we're really really really quiet, we may be able to hear the sound of a condom breaking! Hey, Zack! Look, I just wanted to apologize for last night. I got the feeling we made you a little uncomfortable. Really? My wife and I have some boundary issues, you know, sometimes we ask inappropriate questions. We're working on it. You wouldn't know if Jeanette's planning on keeping her baby, would ya? Yeah Ross, I mean, we're excited to hear the speech but the rest of the time we're gonna wanna do, you know, island's stuff. Yeah, that's the same as it has something to do with wind. She does? I wouldn't read too much into it. David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving advice. So if you want advice, go to Ross, Monica, or. Joey, if the thing you wanna advice about is pizza toppings or burning sensation when you pee. Seriously, we're gonna do this? Oh, because his penis was too big. Oh, I'm sorry, that's the kind of thing I do. They broke up because Mike didn't want to get married. Hey, what if you just let Phoebe know you'd be open to marriage? What? I didn't mean now. Well, you're welcome! Glad I could help. David, I'm pretending to read here! I do! Want a hint? huh? I do I do. David is going to propose to Phoebe. Be-cause, we were talking about ways that he could beat Mike and I told him that Phoebe wanted to get married. I did! A penis one! Look, just so I know, what was so wrong about what I said? Man, that's some bad advice! That's why our honeymoon photos look like me and Diana Ross! Tonight?! Isn't an engagement ring supposed to have a diamond? Oh, there it is! Nice! Monica, can I talk to you for a sec? David is going to propose to Phoebe tonight! That would be advice! Oh, is it on the computer, cuz I'd love to give it a read? What? May I? Oh, no, no, no dear God, no! Your computer, I don't know wha, everything's gone! It must be a virus. I think it erased your hard drive. Someone I don't know sent me an e-mail and I opened it. Well, it didn't say This is a virus! Nude, pictures of Anna Kournikova. I'm so sorry. It's not gone! I mean, I'm sure you printed out a copy. You have a hard copy, right? Well, you must be pretty mad at yourself right now.! I just feel awful. Well, I tried Billy Jean King, but, you know, you and Monica have the same I'm gonna kill you look? I can usually make it go away by kissing her. Oooh! I hope you're happy too, honey! Phoebe is going to say yes? That's, that's great! And there's not chance that will work? Ooooh! Meddler! Meddler! This vacation sucks! You know, it's very hard to take you seriously when you look like that. I think we have some time. Have you ever heard him talk? Uh, Phoebe, uh, I would be honoured, uh. Spit it out, David! I wouldn't brag too much about that thing, big guy. Oh, ain't this nice? It's so quiet, I could just lie here all day. I'm so glad we've got adjoining rooms! Hey! Remember when I had corneas? Ladies? Ross's speech is in 45 minutes. Not to mention the cold sores. Really? I don't think so! Because you know how competitive you get and well, I say it's cute, others disagree, and I'm lying! Oh, yeah? What happened when we played last time? And? I'm not playing with you. She gets crazy! This scar is from Pictionary! Oh dear God, there's two of them! Did you know this about him? OK! Honey, try to focus the trash talk on him! Do you really find this attractive on him? I think this is the first time in our marriage that I've felt like the more attractive one. Okay-dokay, you've each won a game and I've lost what's felt like a year of my life. So everybody goes home a winner. Should I use my invisibility to fight crime or for evil? Ok, look! Enough is enough! Monica, that was also true an hour ago! I mean, please, look at you! Your hand is blistered, you can barely stand, your hair is inexplicable! Ok, you've already proven you are just as good as he is, now we've missed our dinner reservations, so now let's just go upstairs, order room service, take a shower and shave your head! But. What about the obsessive cleaning? You ok? No, you didn't. Because I'm gonna play for ya. Yes, I do. Now, I may not understand why you have to win so badly, but if it's important to you then it's important to me, because I love you. You're welcome, sweetheart. All right Mike, let's get this over with. Sudden death. Whoever wins this point, wins. And that's, how, it's done! I never sucked, I actually didn't want you to know how good I was! I don't know. That's why! You know, I'd love to, but I'm a little tired. You're on! He could be alone. This morning I heard him do push-ups, and then talk to his triceps. She's cheating on Joey with Ross! Wow! How about the dinosaur twins in the other room? No-one is manning that wall! Anything? You do realise that's your brother? That's not true. I came with Monica and I'm leaving with Weird Al. Okay Buckwheat! And she's, turning on the TV, and watching. Miss Congeniality! Bye! He's probably in his room with his current girlfriend Charlie. That's the situation as we know it. You got it! Okay, well we'll go back in there, but will you do one thing for us? The people that care about you? Enunciate! Hey! Not quite. Monica's still at the salon, and I'm just finishing packing. You're not supposed to take that. Besides, it's a New Testament, what are you gonna do with it? Hey!, aaahhhh! I think. I think I can see your scalp. What d'ya know. It's a treat for the eyes and the ears. Yeah, it's almost if Air Barbados doesn't care about your social life. Wish I could switch with someone. I really don't wanna sit with Allen Iverson over there. You go back to work tomorrow night, right? So if you want people to see them, then by definition you're not having them taken out, say, at the break of dawn? What are you singing? Did I? Let's refresh. I believe what I said was that I could see your scalp. Again, let's journey back. As I recall what Rachel said, was she had never notice the shape of your skull before. And Joey. Well, Joey didn't realise that there was anything different. Hit yourself in the tooth? Honey, you've been in there for a long time. Is everything okay? Really? What happened? You can't move at all? If I untangle you, will you please get rid of the corn rose? Some of these look a little frayed. Now that I untangled you, how 'bout you doing a little something for me? I think you know. This is what I want to do. There's a hair in my coffee. You know, it's funny. Every time you say triplets, I immediately think of three hot blonde 19-year olds. So, a lot of malfunctioning wee-wees and hoo-hoos in this room, huh? I mean, you have a lovely home. That's great. Can I see the book? You want me to wash my hands first, don't you? Hey, you must be Owen. I'm Chandler. Hey, I was in the scouts too. Yeah, in fact my father was a den-mother. You know how to use a compass? You do? That's fantastic! I'd love to, but I gotta get back to talking to your parents. They're telling us all about how they adopted you. What? I got nothing. Where are Bill and Colleen? We have to leave! I didn't get to the bathroom. I bumped into Owen on the way, and he didn't know he was adopted. And there's a slight chance I may have told him. But kids are so intuitive. Don't you think on some level he already knows? See? Intuitive! Which technically now you should give back! I'm so sorry, but you should have a sign out there or something. Or at least whisper it to people when they come in the door. Owen doesn't know he's adopted, and he also thinks that Santa is real. Owen didn't know he was adopted, and Monica told him. Yeah, but how would you like it if someone told the triplets that you gave birth to them? Wow! So tonight may be the night! You're nervous? What must it be like not to be crippled by fear and self-loathing. How can you be so confident? Really? Like you have a routine? Really? You mean like this? Oh, I see what you mean, that's quite nice. Hey! Stop staring at my wife's legs! No no! Stop staring at your sister's legs! She went on one of those spray-on tan places. Why why? Sure, then you should get a mini skirt so you can really show it off. Hey Pheebs! Who's Amanda? Are you trying to do a British accent? Just so I know, how many more of those can I expect? No, had it done to me though. Feels good! Hello? Is someone on the line? Hang on, shes right here. Someone's on the phone, for ya. I get pedicures! Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory all by yourself! How was your date with Joey? You didn't like that? You don't know! If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! Well, aren't you a treat. That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she sure can dance. Hey! Kinda, you know, sneaking around, having to hide from you guys. Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt like uhm. I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. I can tell from your expressions that that's the good news you were hoping for. Well, I'm gonna go continue to, spread the joy. Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. I know, I went to the tanning place and the same thing happened to me. You have to let me in. No, I just had to get a picture of this. I see you later! Honey, I got us that room at the Woodford Inn this weekend. Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday was! There's this thing I really want us to do. I read about it in Maxim. Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this party. Hey hey! Where's the birthday girl? Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party she knows is happening. I know, what are we gonna do? I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica! To be fair this one does have nuts. Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap? We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday. Was that Emma? Is she up? I don't know! You'll tell us on Monday! To the bathroom! What are you doing? Get the hell out of here! You do know, I can just turn them the other way around, right? I'm begging you stop. That sounds more fun than the thing we were going to do in Vermont! Thats a bear. Ok, on your mark. Get set. GO! I bought you. How did I forget that that's all you do? They left. I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica? Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old, that's little. Ooh! That's my girl! Did I teach her that? Did I just, impart wisdom? Me too. There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one? I was kidding. No, not yet. Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did. Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? Let's do it, come on! Thanks! Joey, we would've asked you, we just thought you wouldn't be interested. So excited about your letter! So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate? That's where people make number two! I dont, uh, understand. On every word? And that became they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps? You know what? You dont need a thesaurus, just write from here, your full sized aortic pump. I doubt that! Tell her about us last year. Word! She's right! If I were a guy and. Did I just say if I were a guy? Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing! Sounds good to me, but what would a guy think? Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming? Can we read it? Can you print out another copy? It's ok, it's ok. You know what? I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and. Uh-huh. Uh-huh, okay, thank you. Good-bye. They loved it. They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter. She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. That sounds like fun. I think she looks cute, but I am wrong! Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat? Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects! Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a, napkin. With Janice's phone number on it. Hey honey! Is Monica not here? Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial! Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas were mine! Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were mine! Oh. I don't know, I really don't think you're right for the part. First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor. Software that facilitates inter-business networking e-solutions? Hey you guys. Joe, I told you, you're just not right for the part. Joe. Fine! Work, Joe! He's not right for the part. So if I suggest him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should learn on their own! That's good! I liked it, they didn't. Joey, for God's sake, go to work! Hey Joe! Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along to my bosses and they weren't interested. I'm sorry man. Yeah! I. I. I liked it! But, ehm, my bosses didn't go for it. Stupid sons of bitches! What!? Of course I did! I'm not lying to you, I watched it! I watched it! I did! I'm telling you, I watched the tape. No! I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar! What did I just say? Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am insulted. When I tell somebody I did something. Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape? He really is a chameleon. Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part or not. I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you to forgive me? Lying is wrong! I'm a pretty little girl. That's funny, we were doing the same thing! Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the numbers. It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell. Maybe you do that next time you get married! Hey! Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning the apartment. You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways! Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live. Little people? What? NO! I don't, and I'm offended by the insinuation! I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not mine. Ok, ok, here we go. Here we go. Stand up straight. Big smile. But you already gave all your money to charity! I dont think you can do that! Thats sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady. Oh, because we love kids. Love em to death. Well, not actually to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount, as allowed by law. But other than that, wholesome, wholesome building. What? Of course it was! RAT BASTARD! Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great with kids though. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA. AAAaaa-doption! Oh, just like I said. That crazy. Bert, roaming the halls. WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE! Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother. Ernie. You can't make this stuff up! What the hell are you doing? Well, we're not. We don't have a code word. Any room that isn't behind this couch! You have to get out of here. You slept with our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so she can't see you. Ok! What? And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And we don't want to buy your bat! I can explain. Joey. Oh, that's really ok. Wrong number? That's great! Hello? Have you seen Joey's bat? Yeah. We don't feel like we can host Thanksgiving this year. Well, it's just with uhm, work and the stress of adoption, we just don't feel like we have the energy. Plus, we don't think it's fair that every year the burden falls on us. No, no! We made this decision together. Don't let yourself get manipulated this way! We are supposed to make these decisions together! Did you not watch the Doctor Phil I taped for you? Why come all the way from Kansas to do that? You know what just occurred to me? This could be our last Thanksgiving just the two of us. I mean, we could be getting a baby soon! Somebody is gonna pick us. I'm telling ya! It's gonna happen. Next year it's gonna be you, me and the little Hemingway Bing. What, he's my favourite author! The Firm? You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year. I'm serious, let me do something, just not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing high profile. Tell me more. You obviously haven't tasted my Palmolive potatoes! Oh my God! Hmm, the game's at one. Dinner is at four, we'll never gonna make it back. You say that now, but it could take us a long time to get back home. Plus Joey could get lost and and they could have to page us to go pick him up. Look, Monica has been working hard all day, she didn't wanna host this thing in the first place, we shouldn't go! Okay. And get ready to taste my very special cranberries. Or should I say, chanberries! I can't believe they are not here! I slave and I slave for what? They've ruined cranberry day! They're out there! Everything is so distorted! Looks like Joey has a giant hand! Which says Rangers on it. They went to the game! Ross' shirt is torn. Yeah, and there's a bowl of cranberry sauce that, what happens to cranberry sauce? Oh thank God! That's a lie, you went to the game, I can see Joey's hand. Guys, I'd listen to her. The vein is bigger than I've ever seen it. HAHA! All you got was Monica's stinky Brussels sprouts! Please let me stay on this side of the door. The cranberries? He's doing that weird eye contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him! The floating heads do make a good point. Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway. That would be a lot more convincing if you weren't drooling. A little late for that. Uhm, we've got turkey grease. Can you ever feel your ears? Oh, I left them on my bulldozer. I don't have tools! Okay, look, I'm gonna pull on the door and you guys push as hard as you can. Maybe we can get enough room to wiggle him out, okay? Okay, so PUSH! Come on guys, PUSH! My cranberries! Argh! I can't believe what you did. Monica's gonna kill you! Look! Look! Look what the. Look what. Look what the floating heads did! What's going on? And? Are you serious? We're just here to say goodbye, we're off to Ohio. And so incorrect! Uhm, thank you, but we're really trying not to get our hopes up. Yeah. I mean, this girl could decide against adoption or she could like another couple better. I can develop a condition in which I talk and talk and no one hears a word. So we're standing firm on the 'not getting our hopes up'? Yes, but. Oh, screw it, I'm gonna be a daddy! Yeah. Just weird, you know. It's like: Hi, I'm Chandler. May I have the human growing inside you? You're gonna be great. Thank you so much for agreeing to see us. Ok. That's what our friends call us. I don't think that's exactly. So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wifes a reverend, thats important to you? Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor! Yeah, wow. No-ot for me it doesnt. Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? You should be. Youre really on top of stuff. Yeah, I did. We are NOT signing those papers. It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else. You have gotta stop! She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica. Your Veal Chop is 34,95! But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this? I know. oh, honey. So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us. You're Jewish. Hey. The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor. I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York. Erica wait! You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again. Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising. But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right. I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I. It kills me that I can't give her a baby. I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife, she's already there. She's a mother, without a baby. Please? You still want that baby? Seriously, answer faster! It's like a giant hug. Hello. Oh, uhm. I have to work too. Yeah, I'm stuck at the office all day. Those are all really old! Hi! I was in the car with Nancy all day. Well, at least the perfume is not mine, be thankful for that! Its perfect. Its everything weve been looking for. And the wiggle wharms and the zip zorps? What were the things you said? And the fireplace in the bedroom. This is bringing out a lovely color in you! I dont know. What do you think? I do too. I know. I dont know what you mean, giant talking cigarette! Oh, by the way, Phoebe called just as I was getting into Nancys car, so if she asks you, I was at work all day. We dont. Not until it's a hundred percent. I mean, why upset everybody over nothing. I know. Goood luck with it. Hey! Is it me, or have the greetings gone downhill around here? Yeah I'm not having an affair. Nancy is our realtor. and a street where our kids can ride their bikes and maybe an ice-cream truck can go by. Actually, we already found a house we love. Bet you wish I was having an affair now, huh? I know this is really hard and we're really sorry. You know that's not the reason Joe. Hey, that's.'joincidence' with a 'C'! If you win, we give up the birds. But if we win, we get your apartment. Dangerous Liaisons. Fancy. Fancy guest. Thanks man. Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us! Wow! Listen, we had a good run. You know, what was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica. Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her. Hey. I know. No problem roomie. Sure! Little toast here. I know this isn't exactly the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked. Here, here! Hello? It's Nancy, they responded to our offer. Okay, thanks. They passed. They said they wouldn't go a penny under the asking price. I know. That's okay, we understand. Yeah. Well, it's a good thing we got it then. We got the house. I just didn't want to tell you in front of them. We're getting the house. We're getting the house. We're growing up. So who's gonna tell them? Not it! Damn it! You'll see. Well, I didn't know how to tell you before, but. We got the house. What did I marry into? You guys just keep getting cooler and cooler! I'm leaving you. Who? Did I go to this school? Sure, nice. You're right, by saying nice I'm virtually licking her. Are you asking permission to break the pact? Awesome, the name really stands out. Man, we're gonna rock that Asian student union! Hey! You know, our band is playing on Friday. Fresh! Mint! I know it. You know, I'm totally gonna ask her out. I said it first, bro. Look, if you did. Totally. I had sex in High school. All right, I'd say we make a pact. Neither of us will go out with Missy Goldberg. All right, so that's Missy Goldberg, Phoebe Cates and Molly Ringwald, who neither of us can go out with. Oh, and Sheena Easton. But we probably couldn't get her anyway. Well, I officially give you permission to break the pact. Your hands are shaking. Excuse me. That didn't make us sound gay at all! Ross, that was 16 years ago! I believe the foundation of our friendship was unfortunate hair. All right, look, if we're really gonna do this, it's not like you never broke one of the pacts. Oh really? Oh really!? ADRIENNE TURNER! Oh please, and you knew how much I liked her. Really? Aren't you? Right. So how're you doing? Hi Monica. O-kay. I'll see if I can find Ross. Well, I did and it hurt. That's when I wrote the song: Betrayal In The Common Room. Look it was a lo-o-ong time ago. Hmm mmmhm. Just one more thing. I was so pissed at you that night that I wanted to get back at you. So I thought, who does Ross like the more than anybody? Not her! Soo, you girls having fun? Well maybe if you go to school here next year we can totally hang out. Well, maybe you can get in on a beauty scholarship. So where are you applying to? I'm in college and I'm in a band. Yeah, but it was like a million years ago, so it doesn't matter. Why? You kissed her that night too? Seriously, where did this happen? Oh wait. What bed did you say she was on? I'm pretty sure I put her on my bed. Why would I kiss a girl, and then put her on your bed? What did I marry into? Hey! You look great. I'm so glad we're having this rehearsal dinner, you know, I so rarely get to practice my meals before I eat them. No stupid jokes. I thought that was for the actual wedding. You know what I just realized? We have no idea what we're doing in the wedding tomorrow. Heh. This is like figure skating team all over again. I mean synchronized swimming. I mean I mean the balance beam. Help me! Thank you. I know, I hate being left out of things. Fine. We're just sitting here. Alone. Doing nothing. It's our rehearsal for tomorrow. What happened? MMe-me-me! Pick me, I look great in a tux and I will not steal focus. Oh, I will. But I will need a mirror, as he is me! You are going downer! I wouldn't know, I didn't make it! Mike didn't tell you? You have to chose one of us to be in your wedding. One of his groomsmen fell out. Just not enough to put us in the original wedding party. Hey, can I talk to you about this groomsman thing? If you pick Ross, he'll walk you down the isle just fine. But if you choose me, you'll be getting some comedy! Let me tell you why you need to pick me. See, when I was a kid, I was always left out of everything, you know, and it really made me feel, insecure. You know, I was always picked last in gym. Even behind that big fat exchange student who didn't even know the rules to baseball. I mean, this guy would strike out and then run to third. Anyway, If I'm the only one left out of this wedding, I just know that all those feelings are gonna come rushing back. YYYEEESSS! Make groom for Chandler. How's it going? That's what I was doing too. You too. Me too. I'm not supposed to tell you. You told us both we could be in the wedding? Rach, Rach, knock knock. I'll tell you at the wedding. So technically, would this person be in the wedding? I'm not scared. I'll just take little Chappy and. HE CAN SENSE MY FEAR. MY THROAT IS EXPOSED. I'll do it. Na ha ha. Ne he he. Ah ah. Is it okay that I want you to wear that head set in bed tonight? Oh yeah! Ready? Okay. Wow! Aren't you gonna be cold? You look beautiful. That really was an incredible wedding. I'd love to, but it's 2300 hours and I'm about to have the most organized sex anyone's ever had. I don't know. Maybe he hooked up with that hot girl he was talking to. So, where's Mike? Hey. Why are you wearing my apron? Oh, hey, when she gets here, is it ok if I introduce you two as my wife and the woman who's carrying my child? No? Divorce? Oh, those places! There's always so many people, their being corralled like cattle, and, you know, there's always some idiot who goes Mooooo! I'm so sorry. Monica. Calm, self. Why would you say that? Great! This baby'd better to be really good. New York is awesome! Yeah, I've been to these places before, but I've never really seen them, you know. Oh, uhm, okay, uhm, do you mind if we ask you some questions about the father? That's great. So, what does the other guy do? Does he go to college too? I'll bet his dad doesn't think so. Of course I'm awake. Assume from now on that I'm always awake! Honey, it's us. Of course it's the shovel-killer. I'd keep an eye on him! We have to find out which one the father is. I dunno, aren't there tests for these things, right? Pff, easy for you to say, he's a father killer. He probably loves him mommy. He's probably got a tattoo that says mom on his shovel-wielding arm! Hey! How was lunch? Oh, really? O-okay. So, is she gonna take the test? Oh God. It's shovelyJoe, isn't it? How do you know? Oh God! What was it? The thing that we hardly ever do or the thing we never do? Shovely Joe! Yeah, I don't know why we hang out with married couples more often. You mean that Portuguese couple? Yeah, like you wouldn't have done it. A dinosaur died a million years ago? YOU NEVER DID IT! Hey! I will have you know that, aah, who am I kidding. Let's call the kid Geller and let Bing die with me. Mrs Hannigan? Hey Joe! We've got a couple of things we've got to check out at the new house. You want to come with us? Yeah, come with us. You'll see how close it is to the city. Damn it. That's what we were gonna name the baby. Hey, how'd the interview go? You know, I always feel that way after an interview. I'll bet it went better than you think. That is a bad interview. Ooh! Israeli champagne. And it's vanilla! To Ross! And thank you for explaining to us what escrow means. I've already forgotten what you said, but thank you. What? When your head was hanging out the window, it didn't hit a mailbox, did it? Man, those two dogs are going at it! Hey. Really? What changed your mind? Joey, there was a little girl who lived here, but she died like 30 years ago. Ha! I'm just messing with you. You don't think we'd buy a house and not have a Joey room do you? It's seven years ago. My time machine works! Excuse me? For your information, I was staring at her baby. We're about to be parents. How did the job stuff go? That's great! How did the job stuff go? Or facing a bitch of a commute. My boss said I might be getting a new lamp in my cubicle. Well, it makes me feel sad, but. I see. Is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes? We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright. What do you think Pheebs? Yeah. You're kidding! Oh yeah? I know. He always wanted to be the first black man to cross the Atlantic. Unless Snoopy says it to Charlie Brown, I think we're okay. It feels like we're cheating on our house. And if we're gonna cheat, shouldn't it be with like a hot, younger house, that does stuff that our house won't do? And yet I never run into Beyonce! Don't, don't! Why!? This can not be happening! The only way that that is going to happen, is if the other couple are the Hitlers. That is a great idea! And by the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful, but when did you start crapping money!? Alright alright, we still have three hours till escrow closes on our house. We can still get out. Will we love it so much with her next door? And she's gonna be louder out here too. Just the crickets and Oh My God! Well, we have to do something. We can't have her living next door. Oh, that does it too. The Hitlers will be so disappointed. Wait! I just want you to know that. I'm so happy you're going to be here. Because, that way, we can pick up where we left off. I never stopped loving you. Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you. I need you. I must have you Janice Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein. Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and Monica never have to know a thing. Obviously. Don't say that. Don't tangle the dream and take it away. I understand. They're never coming down now. Hey! So we thought we'd throw you little going away party around seven. Where's your passport? Well, it's not. Oh, no. He doesn't have time for that. But if you want, you can go help him and Joey pack up the guest room. We're taking a break! Jumping on the bed? No, no, no, guys. She's right. We should get to work. I'll take stuff out of the closet, Joey you pack 'em and Ross you re-pack whatever Joey packs. What the hell is this? I didn't know Monica had these! Why would she use them with Richard and not me? I can be kinky! I once did a naked dance for her, with scarves! Hey. I know, she's been such a big part of my life. And it feels like when Melrose Place got cancelled. I mean, oh, forget it. I miss Melrose Place! Yes, Joe? Oh, yes. I decided to leave these out for you in case Richard stops by and you wanna engage on a little light bondage and moustache play! Oh yeah, right! Good luck getting another scarf dance from me! Really? Then what are they doing in our guestroom? Rachel, with handcuffs! Interesting! Well played. Uh, Rach? Uh, Rach. I think I have something that belongs to you. No, no, no. They're really yours. We, found them in your old room. Don't say Richard! Well, if they're not Monica's and they're not yours, then whose are they? Pheebs! I think these are yours. Sure. You don't really handcuff guys to waterpipes do you? Let me just say something. Because once we get into this, I'm gonna get all uncomfortable and probably make some stupid joke. I just want to say that I. I love you. And, I'm gonna miss you. And I'm so sad that you're leaving. Ooh, not so tight. I'm sorry, just give me one more chance. I'm sor. Just go. Just go. I can't, I can't. Oh, you're definately not. I haven't cried like that in years. That old woman was being scammed by her mechanic. Mine was a humdinger. Well, you can't say we don't know how to throw a party. Joey and I can finish up in the guest room. You couldn't be cool. Hey Mon, I think I figured out whose handcuffs they are. Well, I was cleaning out the closet and I found some pictures of them, being used. Monica's grandmother. Relax! We just get her some antacids. Oh my God! Honey, it's gonna be okay. What? Relax! We'll just get her some antacids. Oh my God! Next time, can I say breathe? Where are you going? You can't leave me alone with her. This is exactly the kind of social situation that I am not comfortable with! It's just that we've never spent any time, you know, alone together. Okay. So, ah. Any plans for the summer? Hah. May not wanna mention this. So, you ever wonder which is worse, you know going through labor or getting kicked in the nuts? Well, it's just interesting. You know, because no one will ever know, because no one can experience both. One of life's great, unanswerable questions. I mean, who knows? Maybe there's something even more painful than those things? Like this. Is it really that bad? I'm okay. Alright. Wow, that is one disgusting miracle. Wow! It's a baby! A beautiful little baby! And some other stuff I'm gonna pretend I don't see. Well, that's spongy. I know. He has your eyes. I mean, I know that's not possible, but he does. Okay. How do you feel? Oh, yeah! These are the faces of two people in the know! Well, gosh. That makes me feel so special and good. Interesting! Can I see you for a second? What do we do? Twins! Twins! Uh-huh! Join me, won't you?! Okay, what do you say we keep one, and then just like have an option on the other one? Why not? We could give each of them half a medallion, and then years later, they'll find each other and be reunited. I mean, that's a great day for everybody. What if they're not? What if it's adopted by a king? Monica, we are not ready to have two babies! Okay. Shhh. Okay. Okay! She? It's a girl? Well, now we have one of each! And that's enough! Maybe. Unless they're like two people who have lived in apartments next to each other for years, and then one day they're pushed through a vagina and they meet. Bye! Have fun at church-camp! I know! You ready to trade? Okay. We could trade later. Hey. Her name is Erica. Yeah. It's a shame you two didn't get to spend more time together. I love you. I have no idea what's going on, but I am excited! We were wondering what was taking so long with the gift, but now we understand you were doing this. Really? You got us a chick and a duck? Oh, don't worry, we'll find them. Alright. It's okay, it's just an egg roll. Okay, let's find these birds. Well, that can't be good! How? Oh, tons, I'm quite the woodsman. Joey, wait! The ball! I don't know. Maybe we can open this up somehow. No. It's all glued together. I don't know. Maybe. I know! It's. It's the foosball table. Did that movie ever get made? And we're also gonna buy you tiny, bird hearing-aids. What's the matter? I understand. I don't know. Except that, for one last time. Good game, good game, good game, good game, good game, good game, good game. Well, I can't do it either. We have to bust it open, but neither of us can do it! That was. Impressive. Sorry about the table, man. You gonna buy a new one? Well, at least we got these little guys out. Aww, we were worried about you! Hm. I guess I better get used to things crapping in my hand, huh? Hey, you know what? Maybe we should keep them here with you. Yeah, I mean we've got a lot going on right now. And, plus, here they'd have their own room. You know, I - I think you're set with the poultry. I think there may be another reason. So, awkward hug or lame cool guy handshake? Wow, this is weird. Where's Ross? Look around, you guys. This was your first home. And it was a happy place, filled with love and laughter. But more important, because of rent control, it was a friggin' steal! Oh, okay. Oh, it's gonna be okay. Sure. Where?