Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Emergency! Excuse me! Oh, there you are! Hi! Oh, so, so, how was China, you? What? I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. I wanna hear everything! These are, these aren't for you. These are for you. Welcome to our country. Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok. Airport, airport. Ross, not alone, Julie, arm around her. Cramp, cramp. You, you, you said he liked me. You, you slowpokes! And the chicken poops in her lap. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending, didn't I? Oh! It's just, I just heard this story in the cab, and it is all I can think about. Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic? Yeah, sure. Did you talk to him? Then, no. Here's your lemonade. Oh. Well than, you better go take that back because they're gonna charge you for that. Go go go go, come on! Well, what did you find out? Sorry, I thought you were talking to me. Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have. I know you did. I'm just gonna deal with it, I'm just gonna deal with it. I gotta get out of here. Uh, morning. Do you guys think you could close your eyes for just a sec? Well, I sorta did a stupid thing last night. Ok, Paulo, why don't you just go get dressed, and then you be on your way, ok, bye-bye. I don't know, I just kinda ran into him last night. At his apartment. Is this juice? I know, I know I'm a pathetic loser. Yeah, he's back. Is that a problem? I'm glad it's not a problem. How is she? I'm ok. When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, then 50 feet of crap, then me. Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie? I don't know, I don't know. Wait, are you leaving? Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all, what? No. No, I think that was the whole all. No. No no no no no. That's Rodney McDowell. Andy McDowell is the guy from Planet of the Apes. You're welcome. Yeah, I forget which ones. Thank you. What a bitch. Hey, guys, what's up. Good, Pheebs. What'd you buy? You went shopping for fur? You bought boobs? Oh, this is so cute. Did you just say Hi, Jew? Phoebe, that is juice, squeezed from a person. They took Ben to the park. Where've you been? Oh, no problem. You can borrow it, by the way. Here are your keys, hon. Mon, if uh you were at lunch alone, how come it cost you uh 53 dollars? And sorta just put the receipt back in your pocket Monica, what is with you? Who'd you have lunch with? Who? What? You were with Julie? Oh. Oh my god. Yeah, right. Oh, please, you wanted to get caught. Oh, so you just sort of happened to leave it in here? Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdales? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now. Well that works out good, because I'm not listening. Oh, I'm sorry, did my back hurt your knife? Yes. Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually, but now she's actually stealing you. I love you too. I'd do anything for you, you know that. So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right? Really? Me? Well, you're not totally paranoid. Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right. Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it. All right, Julie. What a manipulative bitch. Come on, they were not that huge. You don't have birds. All right, bye-bye. "Oh, my, god." We won. We won! How did this happen? Ok, so let's talk money. Have you ever seen so much crap? Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. Is this tacky or what? We have to have this. What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is really cool. Well, what about my stuff? You still think of it as your apartment, don't you? Yes you do. You think of it as your apartment, and I'm just somebody who rents a room. Ok, while you "mmm" on it for awhile, I'm gonna go find a place for my new lamp. What? Monica, let it go. Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps. I am. Let me just get my coat. Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken? Hey Chandler. Monica just broke my seashell lamp. Ok, you win. Chandler, you have just described virtually every man that we have ever gone out with. She's right. She's right. You are no different than the rest of them. Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone. You are ready to make a commitment! What you got there? Something else that's not yours that you can break? Thank you. It's really not that big! Mom, would you relax. That was 10 blocks from here and, the, the woman was walking alone at night, I would never do that. Mom, c'mon, stop worrying. This is a safe street, this is a safe building, there's nothing OH MY GOOOD, oh my God, oh I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go. OK, that's fine, you just read the paper, I'm gonna get a pot, it's not for you. OK, that's fine, read the Family Circus, enjoy the gentle comedy. Aaahh, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, aaaaahh. It's open you guys. Hi, hi can I help you? Uh, no she doesn't but I can, I can get a message to her. What? What! Oh as, as opposed to your other multi-functional nipples? Ooh, Julie's so smart, Julie's so special. Ohh, I'm gonna have to get over it. God, see I didn't know that's I had to do, I just have to get over it. Bye-bye Julie. Hey. Hey, c'mon, cut it out. What? Sure. What? C'mon, talk to me. Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex? Wow. Is it, is it 'cause she's so cold in bed. Or, or is it 'cause she's like, kinda bossy, makes it feel like school? No, no no no, don't need to know the details. No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think? I think it's sexy. Let me tell you something. As a woman there is nothing sexier than a man who does not want to have sex. Oh yeah. In fact you know what I'd do? I'd wait. Yes, absolutely. I would wait and wait. . . then I'd wait some more. Oh yeah, I don't care how much she tells you she wants it, I don't care if begs, she pleads, she tells you she, she's gonna have sex with, with another man. That just means it's working. More than jewelry. Oh, God, no problem. So you're gonna go with the uh, waiting thing? What did, what did he say? Great, people having sex, that's just what I need to see. Well, well um, you know, these movies are offensive and uh, degrading to women and females. And uh, and the lighting's always unflattering. And, Monica help me out here. No, no, I mean, no, c'mon you guys, I mean, c'mon look it's only eleven thirty. Let's just talk, we never just hang out and talk anymore. Maybe that's all we do, what about Julie? Well, you have been in our lives for nearly two months now and we don't really know you. I mean, who is Julie? I mean, what do you like, what don't you like? We wanna hear everything. So. I mean, who here does not have the time to get to know Julie? OK Julie, so now let's start with your childhood, what was that like? Nah, uh, uh, uh, uh. Now, what exactly is in a cobb salad? What? So, it's pretty late, you're probably uh, not still planning on. . . Oh, well, are hey, are you nervous? Uh, OK, I mean uh, what, how are you gonna handle it. I mean, are, are ya gonna, are ya gonna talk about it before hand, are you just gonna pounce? Nothing, I mean, um, it is your first time with her and, you know if the first time doesn't go well, well then that's, that's pretty darn hard to recover from. Maybe you should put it off. I know, yeah, sorry. Maybe it, maybe it doesn't have to be this tough. I mean, maybe you were on the right track with this whole, you know, spontaneous thing. I mean, women really like that. Yeah, I mean, you know it, I mean, if it were me I, I, you know, I'd want you to, I don't know, like catch me off guard, you know, with like a really good kiss, you know really, sort of um, soft at first, then maybe um brush the hair away from my face, and look far into my eyes in a way that let's me know that something amazing is about to happen. And then, I don't know, I mean you'd pull me really close to you so that, so that I'd be pressed up, you know, right against you. And, um, it would get kind of sweaty and uh, and blurry, and then it's just happening. Ohh, God. Hi, Julie. Yeah, whoosh! So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight? Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do? For Ross, Ross, Ross. Hey. What? Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet. Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching. Ok, I will have the uh, side salad. Uh, I don't know. Why don't you put it right here next to my water? Um, everyone? Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable. That's 'cause you have it. Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing. Ok. Thank you. Ross, you have to understand that your nice thing makes us feel this big. Ok, we never shoulda talked about this. Me neither. What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together? Fine. Happy birthday. Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours? Oh yeah. I used to babysit him. Hey, how's his dad? On someone's lips? Where'd you get the hickey? What party? Who gave you that hickey? Oh! What, as part of your poor friends outreach program? Oh! Ok. What's up? But what about Phoebe? Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her. Oh, no no no no. Oh no no no no. I have to do this to her? Honey, I'm sorry. Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from. Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything. Come on, Terry, I'll even clean the cappuccino machine. Of course I clean it. I mean, I,I will cleeeean it. I mean, I will cleeeean it. Done. Yeah. Who's workin' for you babe? What? Oh, no, no no. I meant that he's gonna be paying that other woman beause she's a professional. Well, but Pheebs. Ok, everybody, let's give a uh nice warm Central Perk welcome to-- Uh, to Stephanie Schiffer. Hey. Here. I thought you might be cold. Whoa, look at you, you did pretty well. Do you? Well, you know, honey, I don't think everybody gets Smelly Cat. You know, I mean, if all you've ever actually had are healthy pets, then, whoosh! Well, people missed you in there. And in fact, there was actually a request for "Smelly Cat". Well, from me. And I know it's not your big money song, but it's my favorite. So, how was the party. Hey Phoebs, how'd it go with Scott last night? Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look? What? C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight. Yeah, Monica's settin' me up. Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, ya know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity. Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on, he can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing. Together? Both of you? Together. Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time. Well. Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date, with a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really uh, have a really good night and you two have a uh, have a uh, really good cat. OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave. How long do cats live? Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't, you know, throw 'em under a bus or something? That's just great. Oh, right, clink. Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend. I mean he just started going out with her. Ah, hah-hah-hah-ho, yeah, he wishes. Oh, I'm sorry, look at me. OK, Michael, let's talk about you. OK, OK. So, you ever get a pet with a girlfriend? I mean, it's a cat, ya know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, ya know, one of those fruitflys, those things that live for like a day or something? What're they called, what're they called, what're they called? Yes! Thank you. Oh, you're not having fun, are you? Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his Julie. I just want to get over him gosh, why can't I do that? Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that? Closure, that's what it is. Closure. Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo Hello, excuse me. Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute. I can see that. I, just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone. Thank you. OK Machine. Just waiting for the beep. Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that uhm, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure. Ahhhh. Uhmm, I think there was a restraunt, I know there was wine. . . I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember. Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me? Huh. Oh yeah, go ahead. Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . . Ohh God. Ohh, ohh. Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you. Yeah, what, so, you had feelings for me first. Chandler told me. When you were in China. Meeting Julie. Are you over me? Wait, so, you're going? OK, OK. Hi. Oh, that's um, interesting. Alright, I got it Ross. What? Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie? I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me. Right, you, you only had a year. We only hung out every night. Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point? Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me? Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross. 'Cause I don't need your stupid ship. Good. And ya know what, now I've got closure. It was unbelievable! Oh, it ended very well. Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of sunk into it. No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid up, and then, they were in my hair. Hey, you. Good. How are you? Hey. Did uh, Ross call? Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, "Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and dig up stuff together." Oh my god. Oh my god, I can't believe you let me put this in my mouth. Hey, do you guys have...hi. Where you goin'? Oh. Well, what's the other thing, what do I think? Really? Oh, god. Oh, oh, this is good, this is really good. Let me get my coat. Ok, he's goin' to get my coat. He's goin' to get my coat. Oh my god, you guys. I can't believe this. This is unbelievable. What's that? What's that? What? I saw my name. What is it? Well what is it? Let me see. Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see. And I'm in it? Then let me read it. Come on. All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it. All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it. What is this? Ross, what is this? Kind of ditzy? Too into her looks? Spoiled? Just a waitress? Oh! I do not have chubby ankles! She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a waitress. When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please climb up the fire escape. Not interested. No. That's what I said. No, you guys, you really don't have to go, we're done talking. No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you. Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross. I said don't go! Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list. Is that him again? Tell him I'd come to the phone, but my ankles are weighin' me down. Did I miss it? Did I miss it? I'm sorry, what? That's great! What do you mean? Ok, who ordered what? Oh god. I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know? Mom! Pretty much. This is Joey, and Phoebe, and this is Chandler, and you remember Ross. Oh Mom! Really? Yeah, well just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument. I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know? For...me. Well, what do you mean? Oh god. I think I'm gonna be sick. None. No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems? I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured as a grownup I wouldn't have to worry about this. Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut? These are from Halloween three years ago. No, that was his costume. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as a regular dentist. Actually, what I think you said was, "don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen." Hey, Mon, you want some help? She's still with you? God! Oh! What's new in sex? Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing? You want me to talk you out of it? Then what? What do you want? Why on earth would I understand this? Oh. Hey, Mom? Having fun? There's more alcohol, right? I had a wedding. Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding. Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married. Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again. And she's not crazy? Oh my God. Not at all inappropriate! Well, so what're you gonna do? No no no, wait, I wanna see what happens. Well how can that be, you were just kissing Sabrina? Oh, I know, I know. Yes, yes it is true. And I know this because, because he pretended to be Drake to, to sleep with me. You're kidding. OK. Now just how big of a star is Marcel? What what what what? Ya think? No, was he any good in it? Wow, so why don't you go talk to him? What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen? OK, I'm doin' it for ya. Excuse me. Hi. Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute. I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her? Agh, what a jerk. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, naturally, you know, I said no. He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking. Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you. And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore. Does anybody need anything? That is so unfair. Alright, I feel that this is totally unjustified. She gave me the green light, I did nothing but-. Do you think I can't see you in the TV set? That is the most ridiculous. I did not sell you out. Would you let me talk. OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- Ow. That hurt Ow, you stop flicking. Oh, what do you, you want me to stop seeing him, is that what you want? You want me to just call him up and tell him that you're seeing him instead? That's what you want? Oh that's what you want. Fine. No. No. OK, OK, that is my favorite sweater, that is my third date sweater. OK, you wanna play? OK, let's play, let's play. You give me back my sweater or it's handbag marinara. Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute. I'll help you throw out your purse. Well, I'm sorry I went out with him when I knew you liked him. OK, well, bye. OK, well, bye-bye again. Impressive. Oh yeah. Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding. Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married. Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again. And she's not crazy? Oh my God. Not at all inappropriate! Well, so what're you gonna do? No no no, wait, I wanna see what happens. Well how can that be, you were just kissing Sabrina? Oh, I know, I know. Yes, yes it is true. And I know this because, because he pretended to be Drake to, to sleep with me. You're kidding. OK. Now just how big of a star is Marcel? What what what what? Ya think? No, was he any good in it? Wow, so why don't you go talk to him? What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen? OK, I'm doin' it for ya. Excuse me. Hi. Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute. I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her? Agh, what a jerk. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, naturally, you know, I said no. He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking. Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you. And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore. Does anybody need anything? That is so unfair. Alright, I feel that this is totally unjustified. She gave me the green light, I did nothing but-. Do you think I can't see you in the TV set? That is the most ridiculous. I did not sell you out. Would you let me talk. OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- Ow. That hurt Ow, you stop flicking. Oh, what do you, you want me to stop seeing him, is that what you want? You want me to just call him up and tell him that you're seeing him instead? That's what you want? Oh that's what you want. Fine. No. No. OK, OK, that is my favorite sweater, that is my third date sweater. OK, you wanna play? OK, let's play, let's play. You give me back my sweater or it's handbag marinara. Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute. I'll help you throw out your purse. Well, I'm sorry I went out with him when I knew you liked him. OK, well, bye. OK, well, bye-bye again. Impressive. Oh yeah. Hi. Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see. What, what incident? What? What are you, what are you doin'? What? Saving, saving, saving me from the pleasant conversation with the interesting man, saving me? OK, Ross, listen to me, I am not yours to save. What? OK, you know what, are, are you being like, the blind date guy again? Ross, there is no us, OK. No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get clobbered. I'm tired of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it. NO but Ross. We are never gonna happen, OK. Accept that. No, no, ACC-cept that. Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found? Hi. Oh my God. They had to reduce it because of, of my deviated septum. Oh. Ahh, so do you, beautiful. What? Oh, that's OK, it's just the shoulder, it's not my dress. Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer? Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . . Oh, the guys are here. Oh my God, look there's Roy Gublik. Where's Chip, why isn't he here yet? I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late. I can't believe I don't get to go to my own prom, this is so harsh. Hi you guys. Hey you. So, uh, how was your day? Really? Mine too. OK. It is our first official date. Our first date. Hi. God, oh God Monica, I forgot. This is our first date. Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. See Phoebe, Phoebe. C'mon, I'm not saying it was a bad movie, I'm just saying, you know, it was a little. . . hard to follow. I know, I just didn't want to wear my glasses on my first date. Monica. Honey, I'm just checking. Monica. Monica. I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry. Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean, we're crossing that line, sort of a big thing. OK. I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there. Just one cheek. Alright, just put your hands out and I'll back up into them. C'mon touch it. Oh, come on squeeze it. Rub it. Oh, come on, would you just grab my ass. Hi you guys. Hi. Listen, I was um, thinkin' about. . . OK, listen, I'm sorry about last night and I really want to make it up to you. Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe going back to my place for um, dessert. What's this. Hi you guys. Alright you guys, I'm takin' off my shirt. Ya know, Dr. Burke kissed me once. When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here. I know. It's OK, it's fine. Oh. Yeah well, you know what, so is uh, Sorentino's. No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night? We won't? OK, that's dead right? What is this? What are we doing? Grape. Oh, God. Ah, so what are we looking at? Really? Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight. This time it's not so funny. Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK. Oh, thank God. Hi you. I can't believe I'm waking up next to you. What? OK, ready when you are. Yes, but you can not tell Ross 'cause I want to surprise him. Hi. Well hey, you don't - you don't think they're kind of cool? Well I. . . Uh-huh. Uh-huh. No. Well, yeah, maybe. What's 1922? Yes I do, it's just that Ross is. . . No. You? I know, so do I. Oh Phoebe, I'm so glad you made me do this. OK, lemme se yours. Phoebe we just saw mine, let me see yours. You didn't get it? Why didn't you get it? Phoebe, how would you do this to me? This was all your idea. Really? You don't say, because mine was licked on by kittens. Oh. Is Ross here? Oh really, OK. What? You didn't get one. That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it. Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo. Maybe. But just a little one. Phoebe got the whole world. Well? Really? I guess. Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra? Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Muppet skin? Hey, nice toilet. OK, here we go. Honey, I'm sorry, they were all out of apple pie, someone just got the last piece. Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood. Pie in the hood, pie in the hood. Go. What's goin' on? Well, you're not sixteen, you're both adults now. Or ya know, he's rubber and you're glue. I've never wanted you more. Look, Chandler, he has moved on, OK, you have to too. It'll never last, he's just a rebound roommate. Pretty uhm, different huh? Would you guys stop. Oh my God. Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy. Well, how did you find out? OK, Phoebs. But what about you? And you're no friend to those with noses. What? That's not the end. Hey Phoebs, whatcha got there? Hey. Wow, he must like you the best. No luck huh? Oh, yeah sure, Ok. Uh, I'm holding Ben. Ok. This is how I would hold a football. Ok, I'm sorry, I'm just not very good with babies. I mean I haven`t been around them, I mean, you know, since I was one. Really? What? You think about stuff like that? Two, two babies? Then what's gonna happen? Uh-huh. Wow. Wow, that's great. Great. Ok, wow, you know what. I'm off my break now so uh, um here you take this and um, I am gonna go pour these very nice people some coffee. Ok. Oh look at that, I don't have a pot. I don't have a pot. Well, hey, maybe I've got one at home, or in Scarsdale. Hey is that a door? Aghh. Yeah well, Ross just made plans for the whole century. I don't know, you tell me. One minute I'm holding Ben like a football, the next thing I know, I've got two kids, I'm living in Scarsdale complaining about the taxes. Ross, you have planned out the next 20 years of our lives, we've been dating for six weeks. Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're gonna have dinner next Saturday night. I do not think about what our childrens' names are gonna be. You know what our childrens names are gonna be. What was the book? Ok, Ross, Ross, ok listen, what we have is amazing. But I do not want to have everything decided for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I had with Barry, that was one of the reasons I left. I, I like not knowing right now and I'm sorry if that scares you but if you want to be with me you are gonna have to deal with that. Thank you. I didn't know that. Fine, I will. Oh yeah. Well I love you too. Yes it is. Well you better. Ok Ross, just so you know, calling it a poopie diaper doesn't make this process any cuter. Ok, we can do this now, can't we Ben? Yes we can, yes we can. There. I did it. I did it. Look at that, oh, stays on and everything. Hi. I'm sorry, what did you just say? Did you just say hi? Oh my God, Ross, Ross, Ben just said 'Hi'. Ben just said hi. Ye-, no, my Uncle Hi. Oh, I'm sorry, I guess I just bring it out in him. Guess what. Ben just said his first word. You know, actually it's more like, hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Take care. Did, did he just, did he, did he just say, he said bye. He said bye. You said, you said bye to me. You said bye to me. Ok honey, you really need a job. Ok, so uh, who wants the last hamburger? Hey, how'd the interview go? So don't do it. What's the matter with you? Noo. Oohhh. Hi. What? Monica, what are you talking about? You don't know the first thing about the stock market. We love you, we're here for you. Ohh, what is in that? No no, 'cause mayo, that would make it gross. Run Phoebe run. Are you kidding me? Ok, here, I know what we can do. Ok, doggie get the- aahhh. Ok go get the sandwich, get the sandwich doggie. Good doggie get the sandwich, get the...ok, Joey, the dog will lick himself but he will not touch your sandwich, what does that say? What's the matter? Yeah Phoebe, I completely understand. Time is money my friend? How did you make $17. What happened to uh, MEG.? Hey Phoebs. Oh hey, how's the dog? Oh, thank God. Ok, so Phoebe, now are you gonna call your dad and let him know that his dog is ok? She'll be a much better friend when the market closes. Why the voice. What? For what? Why, when did you get out of the game? Oh no. Ok. Look uhh, Mon I'm, I'm really sorry. I, I don't have it. Nobody does honey. Look at her. Agh, it was the graduation from hell. Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica. My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the commencement address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and shush them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours. Ohh, thank you for the wonderful dinner. Ohh, thank you for my beautiul earrings, they're perfect. I love you. Now I love you even more. Oh my gosh, wow. Monica. Oh my god. Mom. This is so great. Wow you, you. I had no idea. No, I knew. What? Why. Daddy. Both of them are here, both of them, both of them are here? I can't believe this is happening. I do. Well, I have to be, I don't really have a choice, I mean, you know, I could look at the bright side, I get two birthday parties and two birthday cakes. What? Listen honey, can you keep dad occupied, I'm gonna go talk to mom for a while. Uhh, let's just stay clear of 'I'm the guy that's doing you daughter' and you should be ok. Well those are very popular frames. Yeah, like a chimney. You want me to see a therapist? Ok mom, you know what, fine, I'll make an appointment ok, but you know what, right now, I gotta go, I gotta go do a thing. Daddy, daddy, you know what, I really wanna hear more about this, I really do, but I just have, I just have to do a, some stuff. This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this? Ya know, I just, so weird. I mean I was in there just listening to them bitch about each other and all I kept thinking about was the fourth of July. It's just this thing. Every year we would go out on my dad's boat and watch the fireworks. Mom always hated it because the ocean air made her hair all big. My sister Jill would be throwing up over the side and my dad would be upset because nobody was helping and then when we did help he would scream at us for doing it wrong. But then when the fireworks started, everybody just shut up, you know, and it'd get really cold, and we would all just sort of smush under this one blanket. It never occured to anybody to bring another one. And now it's just... Oh ok. Ok. Ok, I've got one. Wow, those things almost never come true. Ok, Chandler, Mon, there's only one bananna nut muffin left. You went out with a guy in the Navy? So wait, this guy goes down for like two years at a time? Well I've had it. Oh, this lipstick looks just great on you. You see, you look beautiful. For god sakes, dim the lights. Oh, stop that, stop that right now. No sorry hon, Monica's orders. And there's a peach cobbler warming in the oven so the plate's gonna be hot but that shouldn't be a problem for you. So uh, Ryan, were you shipping off to? Well do you get to look through one of those like, those periscope thingys. It was nice to meet you. So do you uh, think we can get you one of those uh, uniform things? Oh yeah. Ok. Oh I'm sorry, we're clo-... Hey sailor. I'll say. Well then uh, we better make this night count. Oh wait, I forgot to turn off the cappucino machine. Anchors away. Oh no no, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse, my purse. Oh, you know what. I forgot to turn off the bathroom light. Hey Joey, how'd the audition go? Yeah, right. I can not believe I have to walk down the aisle in front of 200 people looking like something you drink when your nauseous. Because I promised Mindy I would. Look you guys, I have to go, I'm the Maid-of-Honor. And besides you know what I just need to be in a room again with these people and feel good about myself. Nooo! Wow! What's that like? Afraid to ask him? Hey! Hi. Yeah, when I was in the bathroom I saw the window that I crawled out of at my wedding, and God, I just started thinking that I shouldn't be here, you know I shouldn't, people are going to be looking at me and judging me and, and thinking about the last time. God I know, you're right. Okay, I'll see you after the thing. Thank you, Okay, Okay. Why the hell didn't you tell me! Oh my God this is sooo humiliating. I think the only thing that tops that was, was, was when I was in the eight grade and I had to sing the Copa Cabana in front of the entire school. I think I got about two lines into it before I ran and freaked out. Oh my God, my entire life is flashing before my eyes. Oh Ross, would you stop, you got me, I'm dating you. Oh hi, Mr. Wineburg, hi Mrs. Wineburg. Okay, now that is the third time someone has said something like that to me today. Oh, hi! I know. Oh honey, I'm so proud of you, Min. Yeah, I love that story. Um, I got a question for you guys. Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about? Insane! What?! What. Why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding? Oh dear God. See you in the parking lot. Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings . See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well , I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except.... "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers , feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..." "...marenge, thank you honey, and do the cha-cha. And while she like to be a star, Tony always tended bar. At the, wait, wait, everybody.." At the Copa, Copa Cabana The hottest spot north of Havana. At the Copa, Coo-pa Ca-ban-a, music and fashion were always the passion, at the Copa.... Chandler, relax, Chandler, she'll be here. 