So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece? Sounds like a date to me. Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realise I am totally naked. Then I look down, and I realise there's a phone... there. That's right. All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. And it turns out it's my mother, which is very weird, because- she never calls me! Cookie? Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... Did I say that out loud? And I just want a million dollars! Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants. Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound. Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment. I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it? Yes, and we're very excited about it. I have no idea. All finished! Oh, man. Stay out of my freezer! That is amazing. Hi, Paul, is it? All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference... 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.' You're right, I'm sorry. 'Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..' And yet you're surprisingly upbeat. Oh, how well you know me... Did you make it, or are you just serving it? Kids, new dream... I'm in Las Vegas. I'm Liza Minelli- Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'. Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm. "So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?" Hey, that was really good! Okay. "So. Whaddya want from me, Damone, huh?" "Smoke away." I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone. Relax your hand! Not so much! Hey! Alright, now try taking a puff. Alright.. okay. No. Give it to me. It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here. Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete. Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. Oh.. my.. God. Oh, Satan's minions at work again... I'm smoking. I'm smoking, I'm smoking. And this- is my reward! Okay, so this time I won't quit! All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out. What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry. Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhof impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right? Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball.. I personally could have a gallon of Alan. Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five? Hey, this is so unfair! So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this? Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it. Really? He does? Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks! Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too. Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong? Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now. Oh, she's sorry! I feel better! ...That's it. I'm getting cigarettes. I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke! Yeah, alright. Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever. You got waaaay too much free time. Happy birthday, pal! Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty". Eleven days before Hallowe'en.. all the good costumes are gone? C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, huh? huh? huh? I have no idea. You got it. Oh, this is not that bad. ...Poulet passes it up to Leech! We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes. Yes, Bunny? Could've been a peach. What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans? See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks. He's open! Hey, look, we're on that TV thing! 'Scuse me. Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room. Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. Ba-! Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please? Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women? Then what? So in your whole life, you've only been with one- -oh. I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic.. No, you kidding? The guy's a freak.. Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight. You gotta do it, man. Thanks. Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people. Alright. Yes, this is Rachel. To the left, to the left- aww! You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom... Ross, ten o'clock. No, ten o'clock. There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock! She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men! Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.' Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here. Thank you, buddy. Y'think? Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue... Here goes. Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh... ...hi. Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight. She said yes!! She said yes!! Awful play, man. Whoah. Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you. Hey, kids. Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went. It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army... Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it. We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less. Oh, I'm sorry, so 'we' is? Who's Rick? Oh, so you're divorced? Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully? So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket? Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan? So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend? ...Hm. What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story? Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy! Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that. Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out. Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood... Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness. Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone. C'mon, we're roommates! My eyes!! My eyes!! Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast. Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know.. No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door? God, I love these fingers... No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are. Oh no nonononononnononono, don't go.. Don't go. Too bad, she's leaving. Well, I thought- I thought you talked to Rick. What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you! I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is? Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself? Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us. You. Nono, just you. Lose the other guys. C'mon, we're great together, why not? ...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!' I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish... ...The second guy. Sorry, the first guy runs the lips. 'Big guy'? Something so sweet and... disturbing about that. What? Oh great ! This is just. ..GREAT!!!!! Oh my God, it`s her, it`s that Victoria`s Secret model.. something, something Goodacre..... She`s right it`s Jill, Jill Goodacre. Oh my God I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre, is it a vestibule? Maybe it`s an atrium, oh yeah, that is the part to focus on you idiot! Jill says vestibule, I`m going with vestibule. Oh, some guy.I`m some guy. Hey Jill I saw you with some guy last night, yes he was SOME guy. Alright, alright, alright it`s been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word, oh God do something, just make contact, smile There ya go. You`re definitely scaring her. Yeah, `bout three hundred guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks. Hey it`s me. Yeah, I`m fine. . . . . I`m trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre. I`m trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Good-acre! Put Joey on the phone!!! I`m trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill WOODACREAAH!!!!!!!! Yeah, like that thought never entered my mind. Oh is it sugarless? Oh,then no thanks. What the hell was that, mental note if Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it, if she offers you mangled animal carcass you take it! You know on second thoughts gum would be perfection! Gum would be perfection, GUM would be perfection, coulda said gum would be nice, could of said I`ll have a stick, but no no no no for me, GUM is PERFECTION!''.. I loathe my-self. What next?.I know, blow a bubble, a bubbles good, it`s got a boyish charm, it`s impish! here we go. Nice goin` IMP. Ok, ok It`s, It`s ok, all I need to do is reach over and put it back in my mouth, Good save! We`re back on track and I`m.... chewing some elses gum!!!!!! This is not my gum! OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD! .....and now your choking! Caac. Caac. Err...Hurr. Eh hur, yes, Thank you, that was, that was.... Tayeah! Ok. Er, hum! Yes! Yes! Thanks for er, letting me use your phone er, and for saving my life. Hi, erm, I`m account number 7143457 and er, I don`t know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape. Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this? Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'... Yes please. He's a he? ...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that? You did? Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me? You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't? Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me? Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him? WHAT IS IT?! Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this. I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair? Hey, gorgeous. No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake. So, uh... what do you think it is about me? ...Quality, right, great. Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with? Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll. No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him. Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not. Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it? Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger. You're watching a football game at a funeral? You are a frightening, frightening man. Oh, no- Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is. Hey. Who are those people? Hey, Lowell. So how's it going there in Financial Services? Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not. Really. So- you can tell? So you don't think I have a, a quality? He is? Out of my league. I could get a Brian. If I wanted to get a Brian, I could get a Brian. Hey, Brian. Hey. And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup? That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman. Do you know which one you're gonna be? Good luck, man. I hope you get it. Yes, every single one of them. I thought it was $98.50. I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head. All right, I'm nine years old. We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have, and I remember this part vividly, a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced. Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse. Tonight, on a very special Blossom. Oh, you must stop shooping. No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment. Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore. The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away. No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me? Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen? Do either of you have the keys? For an emergency just like this. Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go. Now this feels like Thanksgiving. Shall I carve? Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese? I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked. Here, here! Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass! Might wanna open with the snowman. Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud! It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner. Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm. That guy's going home with a note! Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact. Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice. I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped. I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped! Too many jokes... must mock Joey! Aah, y'killing me! Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you. Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie. Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby? I happen to know a Fun Bob. That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night. Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing. With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that. Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon... You remember Janice. But you found me! Kill me. Kill me now. Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we- I'm sorry you misunderstood... Oh, will you give me the thing. And then the peacock bit me. Please kiss me at midnight. Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you. And the moment of joy is upon us. Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me! Are there no conscious men in the city for you two? Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend at Bernie's is on Showtime, HBL and Cinemax. Exactly. Weekend at Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No? Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch'. You can say that because she's not your mom. Shhh, busy beaming with pride. Now why would she say that's embarrassing? THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!! This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone. ...And then he burst into flames. Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken. Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little. I know I am. Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen. What are you guys doing out here? Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. Oh my God. I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom? What? You knew about this? I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?! I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking? Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you. I can't believe you did this. I'm still mad at you for not telling me. You gotta let me slam the door! What was that? Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser? Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare. Because it's complicated, it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom! That's very funny. We done now? That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her. No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough. You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect. Really stupid. Yeah. No. No... Yeah, okay. Nice save. Hey. Yeah, why not. So I told her. Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse. Pretty good! I told her. No no no no, we're done. And, we're done with the yogurt. Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal! Ok, you're going to have to stop that, forever! You think? Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one? What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table! Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination. What do you mean, like, buy it together? You think we're ready for something like that? Well, it's a big--it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out? I'm not moving out. Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly Aw, don't do that Fine. More coffee over here, please! So what are you gonna do? Oh, yeah, you have to tell her. That's patio furniture! You pick one. Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining! Not like that, I won't! Kip would have liked the birds! So, what do you think? I know! What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in! My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross! Wha- Hey! Yeah--get out! One more game? This is unbelievable. It's been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, you'd be looking like a ham right about now. It's Phoebe! Hi! Wait, wait! Wh-What are you doing here? Can we start over? All right, now look at her and tell me she doesn't look exactly like her sister. They're twins! You know that thing, when you and I talk to each other about things. Let's not do that anymore. Your sister Ursula. Yeah, yeah, she works over at that place, uh-- Oh, you do? Because she said you guys haven't talked in like years. Oh, and I've got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in gym. And to you too, Helen. Oh, ok. Send her in. Hi, Nina. Come on in. Uh, Yes. Yes. I've just been going over your data here, and little thing, you've been post-dating your Friday numbers. Well, it throws my WENUS out of whack. WENUS. Weekly Estimated Net Usage Statistics. It's not just that she's cute, ok. It's just that she's really really cute. So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long? Hey, where you been? Score. Yeah, listen. Before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by, uh-- Mr. D, how's it going, sir?? And? So what does this mean? Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very-- Nina? Nina. Nina. Nina. Yes, yes I am. Listen, the reason that I called you in here today is, uh, please don't hate me. Would you like to have dinner sometime? Well, you still haven't taken down the Christmas lights. I'm just trying to find the right moment, you know? You know, once you're inside, you don't have to knock anymore. Wow, this is serious. I've never known you to pay money for any kind of capade. Knit, good woman, knit, knit! And that's the Chrysler building right there. Yes, yes she is. Didn't I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, uh, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Fl---, Dr Flanen, Dr. Flan, and uh, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly. In fact, he uh, mentioned the word "frenzy". Oh, no, no. Nina--she is whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo. In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all. And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself or others. Well, I guess that's why they call it psychology, sir. You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different. Uh, sure, Nina. What's up? Oh, well, uh, maybe that's because they're uh, jealous of us. Uh, well, maybe that's, uh, because you're getting a big raise. Sure, why not? Oh, you don't know. Helen, would you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinder's raise? Helen drinks. Will you marry me? Well, I ended up telling her everything. Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. Little tip: If you're ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand on the desk. You're not gonna lose him. What are you crazy? That's a baby! Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad. Well, only if you order stuff. There it is! So what're you gonna do? And your friend Phoebe? Man if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit. All right, what have we learned so far? Happy birthday Peehee. Did you see Betty? Ok, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father. Say your son never feels connected to you as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this. You know, you'd think I would. What's up with the simian? Ok, who's turn is it? No, no, you got zero points for "idney". Marcel swallowed a Scrabble tile. We think he was trying to spell out "monkey". So, you feel like a dad yet? Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad. Pudo haber sido el General Tso Total chick-flick! They're still just friends, right? You know, I cannot believe we are even having this discussion. I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would have, happened already? I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey. Hey. You know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's when that phrase was last used. Rachel lost Marcel. OK. It's his first time out, so he's probably gonna want to do some of the touristy things... I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian tea-room. Marcel? Marcel? ! Er, we're kind of having an emergency, and we were, er, looking for something. Yes. Have you seen any? Oh, no, wait, wait, no, wait, wait. Erm, we may not know anything about radiators, per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling milieu... Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help... And they're very hot! OK. From now on, you don't get to talk to other people. Marcel! Wow. I thought that was an Alp! Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would have involved a major lifestyle choice! Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop. Well, that's what we said about Joey... How about Joey... Pepponi? Joey... Switzerland? Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin? Well, it does not ring a bell with me... Might wanna try Joseph. Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof. She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she? So what does this mean? I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already? I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen. Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo. What? Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice. ...Take off their hats! You're kidding. Y'know, you'd think I would've. -He's in. Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn. Tell me what? Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me. Wow! More importantly, was I any good? Interesting, cause in my dreams, I'm allways surprisingly inadequate. You're okay there? I'm sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and I was somebody else's subconscious. Hi Rachel. Pirates again? Thanks Joey, that's a good idea. Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs reduced. It's a whole big boob story. Well, you know Phoebs. I don't know if it's your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day. A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid. When we were? And this manchild has no problem with how old you are? Can you hear that? See That'll stop when you pick up the phone. I'm not in a meeting. I'm right... Whoops. What? Ah! Well, now, I actually have to get to work. Okay. Bye bye. Ooh. See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. Me. Why not? What? Noho. Why doesn't they like me? What are you talking about? I can't belive it. They do me? I don't sound like that. Okay, I don't sound like that. That is so not true. That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up! Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream. Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy? And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym. Tyrannosaurus! Work people? Nobody told me. You know, I don't get this. A month aga, these people were my friends. You know, just because I'm in charge doesn't mean i'm a different person. You think I should? Okay. Okay. I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing "Ebony and Ivory". What? Then, I don't get it. They do? I just wan't to-- But I just wa-- Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk by nine o'clock. You have to give 'em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache? Petrie, right, right. Okay, somebody's gonna be working this weekend. Hey Ross, look what I've got going here. Yeah, like in a cab-- Okay, hating this. Here we go, here we go. Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's. You have to pick your moments. I used to have that bumper sticker. You see what I mean. Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow. Oh, ok, 'cause we never do that. You'll get one. All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one? Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically. No, no, no. Uh, uh. Dear god! This parachute is a knapsack! Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was like your father a doctor? No reason. Where have you been? Mazeltov! You are really frightening me. Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. Uh, that's great. Anybody seen a nipple? But they're not here yet! Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner? I know, I still am one of these. And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this. 