Yes, yes, we did, thanks to Vidal Buffay. Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs. Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen, 'cause I like to be surprised. Hey, Rache, can I get- Not yet. So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know. God? Well, maybe it was God, doing me. Well, you owe me one, big guy. He said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself without any outside help whatsoever. You have to really wanna see it. Hi. Anybody know a good tailor? No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk. You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance! Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her. What stupid thing did you do? People do stupid things when they're upset. Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered. Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code? At least as long as I have the pants. Yo, paisan. Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man. Joey's tailor...took advantage of me. He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite- Cupping. Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true. That's ok. You know, it's...something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back. We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle? Carol, Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding? So, uh, how often can you do it? Hey, sweetums. Come on, you're going to Bloomingdales with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship. What did you just do? What did you just do? Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike. Howdy. Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed. What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you. All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run? You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie. All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker. Hey. I broke up with her. They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them. I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain. You or me? Maureen Rosilla. Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky. Ok, Phoebe. Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed. Actually, I think this apartment sullies the good name of crap Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances." April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate brings home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent. Wow, he looks so normal. Funniest? Heckles? Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that? Whoa! Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool. I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles... Would you knock it off?.......Baaaaaah!!! Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did. Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction. What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"? How do you know that? How? You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays? Yeah, I understand. You know what? I'm not gonna end up like this. I'll see you man. Hi, it's me. Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend? Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody. Oh, my, god! Janice, you're-- Is it--? Congratulations. You couldn't have told me about this on the phone? Neat. I'm gonna die alone. Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake. If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, y`know. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout! Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there. In a bad way? Whoa! Don't know about that. Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing. I'll take that. Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it. Takin' that with you, huh? Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down. Sure. I didn't know it was a big secret. You bitch. C'mon, there's nothin' to see, it's just a tiny bump, it's totally useless. Joey was in a porno movie. If I'm goin' down, I'm takin' everybody with me. Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia. Huh? Are, uh, any of these cultures, per chance, in the tri-state area? No, no the gravel capades. Yeah, the turns aren't as fast but when Snoopy falls. . . funny. Oh I see, I see, because of the third nipple thing. Ha ha ha ha. . . Uh, Julie. Sorry, you had a paleontologist on your face. But, uh, it's gone now, you're alright. What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie. OK, now wait a minute. That is the craziest typing test I've ever seen. Nice work my friend. Well, listen, this has been great but I'm officially wiped. I got the time to get to know Julie. I'm goin' home. Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there. No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned. What? Bob here. What've you been up to? Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. I love her. I'm back. Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish? Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off. I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table. Ok, pure evil, horny and alone. I've done this. Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday. Hey, come on, we got the gift, the concert, and the cake. Look guys, I know it's a little steep. But it's Ross. I'll see you guys later, I gotta go...do a thing. You know, I think I might just. Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods. We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy. All right. Hi. Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something. Whoever stood you up is a jerk. I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue? No, you keep the pack. I'm all cried out today. Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade? Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number. I will have the uh, Cajun catfish. Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you? Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback. You can tell us. We can talk about that. So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before? No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish. Together. So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh? Gee, Monica, what's in the bag? By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall. Why, it's six tickets to Hootie and the Blowfish! The Blowfish! If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel. Why did you look at me when you said that? Fine. Yeah? Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today. Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming. Now I know it's been awhile, but I took it as a good sign. I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again. Bob here. So, uh, you met someone, huh? So, uh, how was he? Eh? Well, that makes me feel so good. Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it. So, let's go. Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now. I can't believe the guys missed this. Chandler. Yeah, we really missed you guys. Yes, apparently Stevie and the band are like this. I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it. I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more. Yes. No. You know, I once dated a Miss Crankypants. Lovely girl, kinda moody. Can I uh see something? Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat. We'll watch him. I was looking forward to playing basketball, but I guess that's out the window. You understood that? Is he the one with the beautiful wife? You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil? No, I got him. Oh, seriously you want him? Well, don't, don't think me immodest, but, me? Well, we are great guys. That's a good plan, Joe. Next time we wanna pick up women, we should just go to the park and make out. Taxi, taxi! Just practicing. You're good. Carry on. Ok, but can you tell him that, because he thinks he's too pink. You done? You know it? Oh, sure, they love us over there. Oh, that's good. Maybe he'll hear you and pull the cord. Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er. That's me. Actually, uh, we're both the father. Please tell me you know which one is our baby. Ok. Yeah? Hey, Ben, remember us? Ok, the mole came off. What're we gonna do? What're we gonna do? Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby? All right, call it in the air. Heads it is. We have to assign heads to something. What kind of scary-ass clowns came to your birthday? Hey, he's not crying. You, you are gonna love this. Stay back, I've got kiwi. Run, Joey, Run! OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me? Well it couldn't have been worse, a woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive. Woah, woah, I've put on a little wieght? Oh, you know, I would but that might get in the way of my lying around time. Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin, home. OK, let's do it. What? And we're changing. No. One. . . Two. . . Two and a half. OK, just show me one of them. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. . She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore. Joey, be a pal, lift up my hand and smack her with it. So you really OK about all this? No, no, no, no, no, no No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday. Because it's Sunday, it's God's day. OK, stop. Monica, it's 6:30 in the morning. We're not working out, it's over. OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll regret. Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have. I mean, especially considering how tough it's been for you to find work. You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed. And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's shoulder to cry on. I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all. So, you feel like goin' for a run? Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a nap right here. OK. All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s. Games and stuff. Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight. Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer. Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column. No, Amish boy. Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else? Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her? I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek? So, Spock actually hugs his father? What? Nothing. No, no, see? See? Hey, it's printing. Hey, it's printing! Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing. All right. "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end." Good luck. My diary! My diary, that's brilliant. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have made me read her my diary. Oh good, I was hoping that would come up. All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason. All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you? What are you doing out there? Look, maybe we should go? Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor. Whoa, she's pretty. Oh, ok. Nice! For a minute there I thought you were actually tryin' to smell something. That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect. Oh, yeah. That's a little more relaxed than you want them to get. Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks. Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in it, is that decaf? Believe me, sometimes that happens. You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true. Damn. My mail order grandfather hasn't come yet. Monica, I feel like you should have German subtitles. Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon. Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding. Oh, yeah? I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right? All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people. Isn't Ben in this? Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem. Rhythm? You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion. Well we could just stay in and cook for ourselves. Hello. Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a backup plan, though, just in case she isn't a cartoon. The one time they're not home. That's how radio stars escape stalkers. Wait, wait, wait. Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery? Well, she looks the exact opposite of that. Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore. Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac. Very informative! That's what I did when I lost my Clydesdales. And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard. What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-is-penis genre? So, are you guys in the movie, or are you just really paranoid. Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya. Ahhhh. Uh, yes, yes it is. Do you know me or are you just really good at this game? Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up. Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp. Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore. No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows. OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money. Oh uh, o, OK. Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock. No one was around to hear that? Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done. Like, when you're cooking a steak. Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done? OK, then, eat me, I'm done. I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?' Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator? Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops. Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there. You want me to wear your panties? Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell. I'm hangin in. . . and a little out. Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it. Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa They do have the shrimp. I'm going to the bathroom now. I can't believe we're doing this. Alrighty. What? Oh. OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials. Hey, do you want this done quick, or do you want this done right? OK. Well, you want me to uh, clench anything, or-... Susie? Susie. Huh? Where, whaddya mean? What, what's what you mean? That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that? Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back. Joey? Joey! Oh, no no no, she took off with my clothes. Not exactly. . . I'm wearin panties. No, no, this is the first time. I was not trying them out, Susie asked me to wear them. No. I'm not letting you or anybody else see, ever. No, no, you don't have to see. Alright, one of you give me your underpants. How can you not be wearing any underwear? Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your underpants. Hey Phoebs, can I have the milk after you? How long you been waitin' to say that? Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem. Rhythm? You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion. Well we could just stay in and cook for ourselves. Hello. Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a backup plan, though, just in case she isn't a cartoon. The one time they're not home. That's how radio stars escape stalkers. Wait, wait, wait. Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery? Well, she looks the exact opposite of that. Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore. Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac. Very informative! That's what I did when I lost my Clydesdales. And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard. What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-is-penis genre? So, are you guys in the movie, or are you just really paranoid. Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya. Ahhhh. Uh, yes, yes it is. Do you know me or are you just really good at this game? Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up. Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp. Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore. No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows. OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money. Oh uh, o, OK. Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock. No one was around to hear that? Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done. Like, when you're cooking a steak. Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done? OK, then, eat me, I'm done. I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?' Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator? Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops. Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there. You want me to wear your panties? Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell. I'm hangin in. . . and a little out. Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it. Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa They do have the shrimp. I'm going to the bathroom now. I can't believe we're doing this. Alrighty. What? Oh. OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials. Hey, do you want this done quick, or do you want this done right? OK. Well, you want me to uh, clench anything, or-... Susie? Susie. Huh? Where, whaddya mean? What, what's what you mean? That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that? Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back. Joey? Joey! Oh, no no no, she took off with my clothes. Not exactly. . . I'm wearin panties. No, no, this is the first time. I was not trying them out, Susie asked me to wear them. No. I'm not letting you or anybody else see, ever. No, no, you don't have to see. Alright, one of you give me your underpants. How can you not be wearing any underwear? Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your underpants. Hey Phoebs, can I have the milk after you? How long you been waitin' to say that? Hey. Hold on a second. Huh? What's this? Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for? Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony. Wow, I don't know what to say. Wow, I, I don't know what to say. I don't know. It's a bracelet. To my best bud. Thanks best bud. Oh, now? No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion. I so am. Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track. Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight. Oh, she's goin' somewhere. Hey, you feelin' better? Ya know, the man's got a point. That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy. No, I'm alright, thanks. I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's. Chandler. What? Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap. Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection. I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. That's actually good. Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? OK, that's my bad. Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me? OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there. I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . . I can't believe it. Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay. What am I gonna do, huh? Hey. Well this one's for you. No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, it's about you and me and the fact that we're best buds. That's what they'll call us. Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained. OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut. Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you? Work on your music? Alright, alright, buy you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes. Sweet mother of all that is good and pure. Congratulations! Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen. So uh, which one is mine? Ohh yes. Do we dare? Well they were chair shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild. Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up. I'll cancel the sodas. You got a Cheeto on your face man. So how'd it go? Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin. It's the Miracle Wax. Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice. Could you get us a couple of beers? She's one of us now. Well maybe he was nervous. Yeah. Oh it's not warm yet, we still have time. That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years. Waaa-aaah. The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put. Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. You used my toothbrush? Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere. Because soap is soap. It's self-cleaning. Hey. Excuse me, you guys are getting tattoos? Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch? Oooh, Rich is goin' to the party too, huh? I know, this is a great apartment. Wow, there's my fantasy come true. No, seriously. Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK. Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it. Well it wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while. What? Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware. Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it. Well then maybe you should take it. Fine with me. Hey. Yeah me too. Yeah. So do we need to hug here or. . . So I got ya something. Lick away my man. What? No-no, I mean what, what's this about your new place? Well I didn't think that was serious. Ya know I thought that was just a fight. Well, there you go. Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there. I did pay for half of it. Alright I'll tell you what, I'll play you for it. Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister. Stop talkin' to your men. Congratulations. Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . . except when we are here. Yeah, I remember. So, uhh, em, you want me to uh, give you a hand with the foosball table? Thanks. Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so. Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house. Yeah. Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago. So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy. Hey. Listen, I'm, I'm sorry I didn't make it over there today. Yeah well, I hear the place looks great. Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... fest. Yeah I just... wanted to call and say hey. That's right my friend. It's time for... I still can't believe they promoted her to lieutenant. Well, how could anyone not be in love with Yasmine Blepe? See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind. But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together. But... So uhh, how's the palace? Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news. Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie. Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room. Well yeah, in that it's not being used and I... have it to spare. Hey Jo. When'd you start usin' mousse in your hair? Morning. Oh it's uh, over there on the table. No, Eddie likes to keep it over there. Oh, ooh. What? Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good. See ya. Oh, I couldn't be happier. There's another carton right over there. Alright, so what's it about? Well I like both eggs equally. Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs? Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball? Yeah o-, OK, alright. Doesn't matter, time for Baywatch. You don't like that show? Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people... and the running. Oh o-, OK man. You're obviously not their favorite pet. Well, how do you find clothes that fit? Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?' Ok, that's Eric. I don't know, Richard's really nice and everything, uh, it's just that we don't know him really well, ya know, and plus he's, ya know, old -er than some people, but, uh, younger than some buildings. Ok, this could be tough. Ooh, you almost had it. Hey. Your boyfriend is so cool. Yeah, he let us drive his Jaguar. Joey for 12 blocks, me for 15. You're welcome. Hey Joey, thanks for parking the car . I think they get it. There's the man. Just tryin' somethin' here, ya know. Hey listen, we've gotta go, I promised Richard we'd meet him downstairs. Yeah, didn't he tell ya? You hear that? We're the guys. Hey, big guy, game time. Uh, yeah, I just got my pick-up sticks back from the shop. Bring your nerves of steel. Kick save and... denied. Oh really, I didn't know they had foosball in the 1800's. See, that's why we don't let her play. Oh hey listen, don't be mad at him, it's our fault. I'm sorry we've been hoggin so much of his time. No. Your just, your just clearly not familiar with our young persons vernacular. See, when we say dad, we mean buddy. We mean pal. No no, seriously, Joey's my dad, Monica's my dad. I've even got some dads down at work. You're not a dad. You're not a dad. I can't believe you got us into trouble. Man, I am so beat. Hey, you just wanna forget about raquetball and hang out here? Ok, there is one more way to say it, who knows it? No actually, I was just going for colorful. What just happened? That, that is funny. Can I have it back? No? Stop talking, stop talking now. Let me just get this straight. You're actually stealing my hat? No, just wanna make sure we're on the same page. The mean guys at the coffee house took my hat. Ohhh Oh no, wait a minute, I have no one. Na, forget it, it's probably stripped and sold for parts by now. Hey. Do you have to be a Century 21 real-estate agent to get to wear those really cool jackets? Alright, I'll tell you what, you call the couch and then, and then we'll call the couch, and we'll see who it comes to. Don't play with his things. You had to ask. I think you played the Gunther card too soon. Your cappucino sir. Ya know I think this is much better than the coffee house. Well the package says you have to uh, constantly keep it moving. Stir and drink, stir and drink, never let it settle. Ok. No? Alright, hang on a second there Custer. Well, couldn't we just lose our virginities again? Ya know, because I think actually mine's growing back. Would you come on! Come on! Thank you. Ah, there we go. You burn your mouth? Bullies, big bullies. Yes, we're standing out ground...apparently. Alright, let's do this. Question. If I don't care about my watch, can I use it as a weapon? Well, it's sharp, it's metal, I think I can do some, you know, serious damage with it. Ok. Ok. Ok, so let me just get this straight. So we're uh, strictly talking about the middle? Hey, hey, those guys are takin our stuff! Yeah, I wouldn't know having missed everything. Ok so, can I have my hat back? Huh. Hi Monica. Guys guys, check this out. Wow, it's, it's like porno for clowns. Or maybe she doesn't steal stuff and Joey just slept with her and never called her back. Ya know, my cousin went to hell on a football scholarship. Why her mom? Excuse me? This isn't your first surprise party, is it sir? So, basically just a Chinese guy. Yes because uh, you look so young. NO! No, I'll take that for ya. Ok, think, what would Jack and Chrissy do? Uhh, yes, absdolutely, um. Why again? Yeah, this more than anything else, is the staging area. Alright you guys are off to party number one and you, you are off to party number two Alright fellas, let's keep it movin', let' keep it movin. Ok, they're coming, shhh. Well, we could count again. Look, are you gonna be ok? Well, actually just one birthday flan. It's a traditional Mexican custard dessert...Look talk to Monica, she's on the food committee. Joey, Joey. Hey, some girl just walked up to me and said, 'I want you Dennis,' and stuck her tounge down my throat. I love this party. Volleyball. Joey, a woman just stuck her tounge down my throat, I'm not even listening to you. Ok, that's me. Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor. Well, I relied on a carefully regimented program of denial and, and wetting the bed. Becasue it reminded you of the way our forefathers used to bitch at each other? I, I know. Well, uh, Dr. Greene, where are you going? Sorry, we're on a major flan high. Yup, get ready for the gelatenous fun. Yeah, but I'm, I'm so much faster... No. Ok, you can have it. That was there when I got here. Had it. Hey, look Joey, I'm just saying if you need something to hold you over, I can get you a job right here as an entry level processor. It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, you're an actor. Act like a processor, people will think you're a processor. Hey thanks. Scott Alexander, Joey Tribbianni. Joey is a uh, fellow processor. I was just telling Joey about the opening in Fleischman's group. Hey, how's the first day goin'? Well there you go. Jeannie, the head of east coast operations Jeannie? Weird world. Your kids? Ya know there isn't a part of that sentence I don't need explained. Well, invisible kids can be that way sometimes. Really? Wow. That's some pretty powerful imaginary sperm you must have there. Well, I'm sure you'll teach her a lesson when she steps off the dock onto nothing. Hey Mr. Douglas. Well the people in my group wanna spend the holiday weekend with their families. It's about cutting my people a little slack, ya know, for morale. Look, if you wanna see some rough numbers, I can get them to you by Wednesday. Uh, if you say so sir. Well, I'm going to kill you. Why? Why? Wh- wh- why is Mr. Douglas looking for me? Wha- wh- why, why, why does he suspect that? Alright, that's it. Look Joey, I'm sorry, I realize this is the role of a lifetime for ya, and if I could just fire Joseph, I would, but unfortunately that's not possible so I'm gonna have to let both of you go. I don't, I hate Joseph, ok. I think he's a brown-nosing suck up. Alright, ok, alright. So I can't fire Joseph but uh, I can sleep with his wife. Yeah, Karen. I'm thinking about having an affair with her. Oh, you know what? I just did. Oh well it's not me, it's my character, Chandy. Yeah the rogue processor who seduces his co-worker's wives for sport and then laughs about it the next day at the water cooler. In fact, I have her panties right there in my drawer. No freakshow, she's fictional. Thank you. 'Cause he was just so darn cute. Hey, what did your agent say? And I'll be using his dead body as a shield. I may have. Well, we haven't exactly met, we just stayed up all night talking on the internet. I like this girl, okay, I seriously like this girl, you now how sometimes I tend get a little defended and quipy... Well she totally called me on it, okay. She said, 'cut it out, get real', and I did. It's like this, me, no jokes. Well, I think you should seriously consider the marriage thing, give Rachel another chance to dress up like Princess Bubble Yum. Joey, no means no! I'm sorry we, we don't have your sheep. Oh, it's a website, it's the, uh, the Guggenheim museum. See, she likes art, and I like funny words. It means we're holding hands. I'm afraid I might just be. Okay, it's not a guy, all right, I know her. How do you not fall down more? All right. "My husband is sleeping with his secretary." She's married! I can't believe she's married. What's wrong? What's wrong? You're married that's what's wrong. What? Hey, look, Phoebe I wanted to meet her in person too, okay, but she's married, she has a husband. Okay, I'll do it! Where is she, Where is she? Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she? Ooh, oh, oh, that's her. Oh my God! 