Morning. Taste it. Yeah, I know, I did that two minutes ago. Hey, mister tux! All right, I took the quiz, and it turns out, I do put career before men. Get up. You're in my seat. 'Cause I was sitting there. Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom, you knew I was coming back. The big deal is I was sitting there last, so, that's my seat. All right, Ross, I just have to do one thing, really quickly, it's not a big deal. GET UP!! Well, Joey, I wrote a little song today. It's called: Get Up. Really! Honey, you did call him back. 'Cause, it's, it's really old. You know what, okay, fine. Don't get up, you just sit right there. I just hope, you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. Op, not touching, can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Not touching can't get mad! Maybe he's calling to say your obsessive and crazy. All right, fine, you know what, we'll both sit in the chair. I'm soooo, comfortable. All right! All right! Fine! I'm going. But when I get back it's chair sitting, and I'm the guy who's....sitting in a chair! Maybe it was his sister's. You know, maybe it was his daughter's. All right, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So in the words of A. A. Mim, "Get out of my chair, dillhole!" What are you doing? The cushions are the essence of the chair! Oh-ho, it'll be back. Oh-ho, there's nobody in the room. We used them as pillows when we went camping. The sheep. He took my essence! Well, then it looks like somebody is gonna have to give back somebody his cushions. What are you, what are you gonna *show* me my clothes? He's got nothing! What are you supporting? Monica, I think you've gone over to the bad place. You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about? They got a phone in there, right? Is it wrong that I was totally aroused by that? Oh my God! That is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear!! Oooo-ooh! Jeez, what a baby. Stop it. Stop it! Excuse me. Hi. Well, your kind of sitting in my seat. I mean, I was sitting there. But, I never left the room! All right, that's it, give me your underwear. See Joe, that's why your parents told you not to jump on the bed. Hey. Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket. Because the kids need new shoes. Do I look fat? Okay, I accept that. When Janice asked me and I said no, she took that to mean that I was calling her a cow. Okay, well. Janice said 'Hi, do I look fat today?' And I, I looked at her.... Okay, so you both just know this stuff? That's easy, baggage claim. Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something. Thank you Rachel. Well, I thought you guys were cuddlily sleepers. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, the old hug and roll. Okay, one question. You're pretending the pillow's a girl right? Umm, not feeling better 'bout Malcom. Hey, Joe, I gotta ask. The girl from the Xerox place buck naked , or, or a big tub of jam. Well, your gonna need much bigger jars. That, that's what's stupid. Night-night.....Janice. 'Look at all that room on her side, you good fit a giant penguin over there. That would be weird though. Okay, hug and roll time. I'm huggin', I'm huggin', your rollin', and....yes! Freedom! Except for this arm! I'm stuck. Stuck arm! Okay, time for the old table cloth trick, one fluid motion. Quick like a cat, quick like a cat! And 1...2...3!' No, that's all right. I just had a jar of mustard. You mean there's more than one of us. And that's how you bought it? Pheebs, wake up and smell the restraining order. Sure. What's up? You're flingin'-flangin' right I am! Well, it's official there are no good movies. Hey, man. What's up? Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me. Is anybody else scared? Get the woman a pad! Get the woman a pad! A pad! A pad! Joe. Joe! Answer the phone. Just do it! Okay, it's Janice and if I get it I'm going to have to see her tonight. Oh, that's great I'm gonna have to see her tonight. Okay, last night at dinner, when the meals came, she put half her chicken piccata on my plate and took my tomatoes. Noo. No, it's like all of the sudden, we were this couple. And this alarm started going off in my head: 'Run for your life! Get out of the building!' I know, that, that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid. Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side! Do we have any... Do we have any thoughts here? You think? Yeah, Joe, I assure you if I'm staring down the barrel of a gun, I'm pretty much peeing every which way. 'Cause, I wanted to uh, give you this. Well, wait there's, there's more. See the contact paper is to go into your brand new drawer. See, the drawer actually goes in my dresser. Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get. Well, not me. But that's what's happened, and, ah, and, and there's more. We should take a trip. Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents! I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay. It doesn't scare me! Oh, no, no, no, don't go! I've scared ya'! I've said too much! I'm hopeless, and awkward, and desperate for love!! Hey, Janice! It's me. Um, yeah, I-I-I just wanna apologize in advance for having chased you down the street. So, I finally catch up to her and she says this relationship is going to fast and we have to slow down. Then I got all needy and clingy. She said she'd call me. Oh God. This ice cream tastes like crap by the way. So, you don't think I'm terminal? Okay, okay. So, should I call her? So I'm not, not gonna lose her? I said, 'So I'm not gonna lose her?' Hello, Janice. Oh, just a bit of shopping. How've you been? No. Not anymore. Yeah, huh. I'm just uh, you know I'm just picking up some things for a party. Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours. Here in Chelsea. A woman's Chelsea. Can I be that guy? ....And then I just, you know, threw the bag of barley at her, and ran out of the store. I've actually ruined this haven't I? It's time for the good ice cream now, right? Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. Okay, what do I do? Hello! What are you, stop naming dwarves! Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. Really?! Really?! I love you too. Hey! Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest tick you off? Yeah! You're building a post office? Okay. My word! Those are snug. Does anyone else think David Copperfield is cute? All right, Janice, likes him. In fact she likes him so much she put him on her freebie list. Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can't get mad. Ah, Kim Basinger, Cindy Crawford, Halle Berry, Yasmine Bleeth, and ah, Jessica Rabbit. I know, I know, I just always wondered if I could get her eyes to pop out of her head. Peter Parker. What a geek! Hi. We don't, really. You know, we don't really take advantage of living in the city. No, you didn't get me!! It's an electric drill, you get me, you kill me!! I do NOT want this unit!! Fine! All right, so who do you got it narrowed down to? Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving. Eh, y'know what, she's to political, she probably wouldn't let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first. Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she's too international, y'know she's never gonna be around. So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who's gonna be in the country like all the time. Have you seen Joey? Oh, just this! Y'know what it's my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish. What's going on? Yo!! Spackel boy! Get up! He started mine first! What, like a number? Hi! Bye! Okay, on three. One....Two.... Why two? Yeah, I coulda counted to three like four times without all this 'two' talk. Okay, one...two... Oh, good job Joe. Yeah-yeah, so big that it actually makes our doors look smaller! Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours? Umm? I've got five bucks says you can't. Oh, I think I have the cash. Yeah, you got me. I'm out five big ones! Here you go. Hey. I’m never gonna find a roommate, ever. Well let’s see, there was the guy with the ferrets, that’s plural. The spitter. Oh-ho, and yes, the guy that enjoyed my name so much he felt the need to make a little noise every time he said it. Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing Bing! Great apartment Chandler Bing, Bing! Two. This photographer, who seemed really dull. And this actor guy, who I’m not sure about, because when he called and I answered the phone ‘Chandler Bing,’ he said ‘Whoa-whoa, short message.’ Umm, how’s it going with you guys? Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do? Yes, that is cool. Because I have models here y'know...... never. Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think you’re chances are pretty good. All right. Bedroom. Bathroom. Living room. This right here is the kitchen, and thanks for coming by, Bye-bye. Sure. Ummm. What’s up? What gay thing? Well okay Jerry, thanks for stopping by. Hey, Mon. Do I ever. No way! Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now? Can I get a beer. You betcha! Um-mm, yeah right! Oh yes, and that’s what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one. Okay, but after that, we’re shootin’ some pool. Excuse, I seem to have dropped my ball. And now I’ve picked it up again. Hey! Oh, don’t thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work. So ah, whatcha watching? What’s it about? Well, it sounds kinda stupid... Who’s she? Wow! Look at them run. Yeah, I’ll go get one. Well, hello! Do you have any beers? We’re out of beers. You okay? Right. Noo!! You don’t have a boyfriend because....I don’t, I don’t know why you don’t have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend. Oh-ho, come here. Listen, you are one of my favourite people and the most beautiful woman I’ve ever known in real life. Umm, this is nice. No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton? Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device. Oh yeah, that sounds great. Oh, and listen, it’s, it’s gonna be.... Ross-Joey, Joey-Ross. I can’t believe you came back. If I was a superhero who could fly and be invisible, that would be the best. Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel! What a wank! I'll go. See, that's why I could never be an actor. Because I can't say gig. Knock, knock. Hey, I'm going for sushi does anybody want.. Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp. Okay. It's a racecar. Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress? You told him to play the boxer gay!! You totally screwed him over. Varrrrrroom! Hey! Watch it lady! Varrrrrrrrrrom! Hey-hey good lookin'! Varrrrrrrrroom. All right, I'll leave. My bed's so boring. I will have one. Okay, I'm not gonna have one. All right I'll have one. See that is the problem with invisible dentists. That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist's blouse. Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice? Janice's birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me. That's a good idea, 'Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday'. I would like to get her something serious. All right. Look, I'm gonna go in here, and you don't buy me anything ever. Why not?! What is the thing? What? Well she, she wouldn't do that, she's with, she's with me. Yeah, well, you're wrong! Okay, you're wrong. Ah, I don't know, you tell me. Anything you ah, wanna tell me, because, if you ah, you should, if you, you would, tell me. You tell me! Maybe, it's because I was just fooling with my ex! Oh no-no-no-no, no-no-no-no, that was you!! All right! Joey told me, he saw you two kissing. No! In his office! How many kisses were there? Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing!! Here. I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? Are you finished with him? Do you still love him? Do you still love me? All right look, I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me? Yeah. What? All right. I talked to Janice. She doesn't know. Says she loves us both. Y'know I woke up this morning and I was in love, well I was happy. Y'know it serves me right for buying that twelve pack of condoms. And now I can't even return them, because she choked on the reciept! I don't know, y'know. What, what, would you do? Come on, tell me. What? What are you, what are you talking about? Janice, I have something I need to tell you, and I want you to let me get through it, because it's, it's, it's not gonna be easy. I think you should go back with Gary. I don't wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know 'You're the reason, you are the reason why their not together.' and I hated that guy. And it didn't matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad. Yeah, well. It's the right thing to do. Then don't leave me! Forget what I said, I was babbling! Pick me! No you don't! No, no, no, I say you have to give your divorce another chance. Ohhh. Don't go. No. No! No! No! I don't care! I don't care!! You can't leave! I have your shoe! 'I'll hold you close in my arms. I can't resist your charms. And love....' 'No you know I don't mind.' 'I know.' 'I've found.' No, no, no, I don't, I don't really wanna play. That's not true! I wanted to wear my bathrobe and eat peanut clusters all day. I wanted to start drinking in the morning. Don't say that I don't have goals! Yeah, all right, I'll play. No, no, no, you say that proudly. And was the curse lifted? But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won't let me cross the street. And then Tineals. Wow! Just like in the pros. The ball is Janice. The ball is Janice. Sorry. I'm sorry. Y'know what, we're just gonna throw it. No, no, no, actually losers rhyme. Twenty-three!! Seventy-four!! You wanna go shotgun? Hike! Great! Now, the score is 7 to almost 7. No, no, no, no, no! Hey Joey, do you wanna play football or you wanna.. Hi, I'm Chandler. Mar-haaaan. Well, that went well. Y'know, I was thinking about ah, asking her for her number. Whoa-ho, whoa! No, I was thinking about y'know for me, as a part of that whole getting over Janice thing you were talking about. Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot? Math!! You're giving me math! All right, look y'know what, forget about it, you go for the girl, we'll see who gets her. Well now you have two. Hey, I am good at math. Hey! Well, I've been preparing for that my entire life! Or something about you that's mean! Before!! Is everybody else seeing a troll doll nailed to a two by four? Okay, good. Hi. No-no-no-no, the game's not over, we're just switching teams. No ah, hold on a second Joe, where do Dutch people come from? And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right? Fine with me. Yes!! Well, you don't you have Captain Hook explain it to her. You hear that! That is her chose, mister I'll let you have her! I win! You suck! I rule all! A mini-wave in celebration of me!! Wh-what? Y'know what, it doesn't matter, 'cause she picked me. Me! From now on I get the dates and you have to stay home on Saturday nights watching Ready, Set, Cook! We're not gonna lose to girls. Okay, okay, so we get to take that stupid troll thing home! Hey-hey-hey Rachel, funny thing. Actually, the ah, end zone starts at that pole, so you're five feet short, so we win! Guys! Guys! Come on! It's Thanksgiving, it's not important who wins or loses. The important thing is, the Dutch girl picked me! Me! Not you! Holland loves Chandler! Thank you, Amsterdam! Good night!! Yes. Yes, there is, they play on Sundays and Monday nights. Eh..., I don't, I don't know. Well, as old as he is in dog years, do you think Snoopy should still be allowed to fly this thing? Yeah? Excuse me little one, I have a very solid backhand. I was shrieking... like a Marine. Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. Where exactly were you around ten-ish? Look out kids, he's coming! Yes. Yes, and ah, ah, the trees are happy too, because for most of them, it's the only chance to see New York. Ahh, do you have any coconut flavoured deities? How... exactly are you pursuing that? Y'know other than sending out resumes like what, two years ago? He's right, if you quit this job, you then have motivation to go after a job you really want. Because, I'm too afraid. Yeah, that'd be much worse than being 28, and still working here. Does this mean we're gonna have to start paying for coffee? I spelled out boobies. So, how many have you sold so far? Oh my God, how did you do that? Me! On my computer. Eh, yeah, well ah, waitress at a coffee shop and cheer squad co-captain only took up so much room. Something else I might have said? You-you-you don't wanna give into the fear. Run, Joey! Run for your life! Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross. Hey! How'd the interview go? Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house. Well seeing that drunk Santa wet himself, really perked up my Christmas. It's like 'Night of the Living Dead Christmas Trees.' Sure, everybody loves a kidder. Should I tell her I ordered tea? I'm an alien. I'm an alien. Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end? I just saw Janice. Yeah, she was at Rockefeller Center skating with her husband, she looked so happy. I almost feel bad for whipping that kid's pretzel at them. Yes, but you ended up having sex with both of them that afternoon. Oh, y'know what, I'm gonna be okay, you don't have to throw a party for me. Oh, well then, if anybody should have a party it should be him. Okay, well he totally screwed up the punch line. Y'know, it's supposed to be arrghh-eh og-errigh. Hello-dillillio!! Take off your shirt! Yeah, Jello just like Mom used to make. Okay, how many of that girl are you seeing? Hi Joey's sisters! Oh, I'm taking my ex-girlfriend of my speed dialer. No-no-no-no, no, it's a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can't we savor the precious moments? Those are some huge breasts you have. Well, my apartment isn't there anymore, because I drank it. Yeah, I ended up in the storage room, and not alone. Ow, no 'woo-hooing,' no 'woo-hooing.' Ah, I fooled around with Joey's sister. Well, that's not the worst part. I can't remember which sister. Okay! You don't think I thought of that? You see you can't tell which one is which either, dwha!! Veronica. Look, it's got to be Veronica, the girl in the red skirt. I definitely stuck my tongue down her throat. Look, when I've been drinking, sometimes I tend to get overly friendly, and I'm sorry. Why can't we talk in here? With, with, witnesses. It's gotta be the first one. Yep, I'm in a tree. Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba. What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela? Joey, what-wh-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here? I'm here to see Mary-Angela. Where's Mary-Angela? This teramisu is, is excellent. Did you make it Mary-Angela? Well, it's, it's yummy. So Mary-Angela do you like it? So um, Mary-Angela, what's your second favorite? Would you just please....give me the recipe 'cause this is great. It's top notch. So will I. Oh no-no-no I was just squinting. That doesn't mean anything. Will you excuse me I have to um..... Hey! Look, I may have jumped the gun here. Um, I just got out of a relationship and I'm not really in a, in a commitment kind of place. Ahhhh, you're not Mary-Angela. This is so bad. If-if you're not Mary-Angela, then-then who is? Oh, this is soo bad. No Joey! No Joey! Don't Joey! Joey! You're it! Now run and hide! I wasn't sure which one Mary-Angela was. Look, I'm sorry okay, I was really drunk, and you all look really similar. Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. Are ya? Joey if you wanna punch me, go ahead, I deserve it. But I just want you to know that I would never soberly hurt you or your family, you're my best friend. I would never do anything like this ever again. Okay, absolutely! You've got it. What?! Don't worry. Oh yeah, but don't worry. I don't think anybody's gonna focus on that as long as your wearing that towel dress. All right, I suppose I can wait a day. Hey, what are you doing Friday? I need you to come to this bachelor party for my weird cousin Albert, y'know he's the botanist. Yeah. Is that a dinosaur tie? It must take you forever to find your keys. Hey, so can you make it on Friday? Well apparently Albert has no friends. He's very excited about the bachelor party though. I think actually the only reason he's getting married is so he can see a stripper. Well, if the magician can open my beer with his butt cheeks, then all right. Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! Don't cry outloud. I want to say you but, that seems like such an easy answer. I'll get you the Cliff Notes. The abridgment. ....three years of modern dance with Twila Tharp! Five years with the American Ballet Theater?! Oh no, no, no, no. All right, I have to get that, but no-no. Hello? Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? So would I, would I have to provide the grapes? Okay, we have our stripper. A miss Crystal Chandelier. To yourself. Hey-hey-hey, y'know what that's pretty good. Oh, I'm so glad you guys like it. Yay! All right I gotta go to work. Bye-bye. What, what, what?! You really think that is what he meant? Look, don't you see what's happening here. Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant. Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you. Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits. All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you. And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.' He paints quite a picture doesn't he? Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. See, she's fully dressed, right? And then you click it and, uh-oh, she's naked. And then, and then you click it again and she's dressed. She's a business woman, she's walking down the street, she's window shopping, and whoa-whoa-whoa, sh-she's naked! Y'know what, I'm, I'm gonna spend some alone time with the pen. Oh, okay Ross. Listen, this pen is kinda getting boring, so can you pick me up some porn? Man, I gotta get a kid. Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a stripper. Yeah, baby! Making chocolate milk. Do you want some? Well, she spent the last six months getting over him, and now she's celebrating that by going on a date with him. Oh, hey. So ah, isn't a bit cold out for shorts? Right, right. Sometimes you guys just burst into flames. I'm up! I'm up, I've gotten up now! Anybody ah, want anything? Okay Ross, why don't you come with me? Robert's coming out. No. He.....he's coming out of his shorts. The man is showing brain. Wellll? What do we do? What do we do? Like an eclipse. Your liking it, huh? No, actually Laurie's a boy. Hey. You mean a three pointer? I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it just seems that Robert isn't as concealed in the shorts area, as ah, one may have hoped. Stretchy pants! Why, those are the greatest things in the world! If I were you I would wear them every day, every day! Hmmm, that's very cool. I can't believe she cracked your code! No, Beth doesn't die, she doesn't die. Does she Rachel? We can't tell him, you can't go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff. Yeah, we got, um-hmm. I like her. Well, that's pretty much all I'm looking for from these people. All right listen, I have to go to the bathroom, but if the place with the big fish comes up again. I'd like know whether that's several big fish or just one big fish. No. This is just part of a dare devil game that I play called 'wait until the last moment before I burst and die.' Jeez, man did you fall.. Hi! So ah, did ya, did-did-did ya fall high? Y'know what Gunther, go ah, go ahead, I'm-I'm talking to ah, . This is the part where you say your name. Ginger. I'm talking to Ginger, so.... Nope, nope, I'd just ah, I'd rather talk to you. Yes, I do. Yes, I do have to go to the bathroom. Well, that's the best kiss I've had with anyone I've ever met in a men's room. Op, foot in a puddle, foot all in a puddle. Yeah, we're gonna have to get you out of those shoes. No, really you're gonna freeze. You're not, what do you, what do you got a bionic foot? Hey. Oh, I hate that. I once had a thing of half and half, stole my car. Great. It was great. She's ah, she's great, great looking, great personality, she's greatness. Joey told you about the leg, huh? Oh God, it freaked me out. Okay, I know it shouldn't have, but it did. I mean I like her, I don't want to stop seeing her, but every so often it's like 'Hey, y'know what, where's your leg?' I mean I'm the smallest person in the world aren't I? I'm the smallest person in the world. Actually he's the smallest person in the world. It came up. No. No. Actually I forgot, what is the deal with that again? No. No. I don't think so. That's-that's my nubbin. It's kinda a ah, a third nipple kinda thing. Well, y'know two regulars. And ah one that barely qualifies as... Ahh, what? You ah, you have, you have to leave, now? How come? Well hello! The doctor. Oh yes! Just had me a little nubbin-ectomy. Yep! Two nipples, no waiting. That was an obvious joke, and I didn't think of it. Why didn't I think of it? The source of all my powers. Oh dear God, what have I done! Hey, does anybody need anything copied? I'm going down to the Xerox place. Okay listen, just give me anything I can make two of. Yeah! You wanna come? Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe!! Uh-oh. Okay, that hurt us. Well ah, ........y'know. All right, rock on. Hey, y'know what, maybe we should get going. I mean what time did Chloe say we should be there? What time is it now? Yeah all right, so we'll hang out. Yes. Vividly. Yeah, I-I-I think so. Yeah, I-I think so... Yeah. Yeah, I mean what, what would we do? She was kidding. She was.... But y'know what, just in case, maybe we should come up with a set of ground rules. Yeah. Good call, nice one. Hold it!! Hold it! What if me eyes are closed, and, and my hand is out there.... Right. Right. Well ah, y'know we could flip for it. Well it you don't know that, then I don't want to do this with you. And that's the only colour that comes in. So, what are you doing here? I thought tonight was your big anniversary dinner. Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out. Hey, this isn't like swimming after you eat, pick up the phone!! Y'know that whole swimming thing is a myth. Why? What happened to him? Oh my God! Oh my God! Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you? He’s right. Nobody’s gonna benefit, and you’re just gonna hurt her. All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing’s right. And that’s what deathbeds are for. Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac’s sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe’s friends with Rachel. And that’s the trail, I did it! Off?!! Yeah, well I don’t think you can make that statement, unless you’ve been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely. Oh, that’s mature. Nothing, nothing. Yeah, well, I guess they had a fight, and he got drunk.... He has sex, and we get hit in our heads. Uh-oh. She was not good. Not good. Uh-oh. Yeah, never cheat on Rachel. Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about. Wax the door shut, we’re never leaving, ever. Oh great, food with hair on it. Because that would be crazy? Yeah, come on, it’s Ross and Rachel, they’ve got too. What? Are you actually saying these words? Let’s go. Is that your new walk? This is the New York Times. We are. He’s meeting us here. Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something. Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn’t try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts. Y'know what maybe it’s gonna be okay, I mean it’s been a week. No. Yes, yes, it’s just that we ah, we kinda all ready, made plans with Ross. Yeah, he’s really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine. Oh my God! Well, actually, yesterday I was smoking again. Today, I’m, I’m smoking still. Look, I’m telling you this is just like my parents divorce, which is when I started smoking in the first place. Yeahhh. I’m tellin’ ya something, that ah, first smoke after nap time.... Oh that’s great, with my luck, that’s gonna be him. Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism. Hey, shut up!! You’re not my real Mom!! Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window. Well, then, I might as well offer to stay. Well he’s probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles. What? Beam me up Jesus. Okay, well, then, I-I have to go to the bathroom. Oh, come on, there’s a rest stop right up there! Come on, I really have to goooooooooo. Here we go. Okay, brace yourselves. Oh, no-no-no-no-no-no!! My lighter’s in there! Damn! The tailpipe’s not hot enough to light this! Oh I do! Op, no, wait a minute, I took it out of my shirt when I put it on this morning. Ladies, ladies, let’s just compromise okay? Phoebe, Rachel take off Monica’s bra. Well, I thought if I littered, that crying Indian might come by and save us. Okay, now let’s decide who has the nicest ass. At least let me smoke it to the good part. I have the lung capacity of a two year old. Well it’s very unsettling. Oh no, now it’s not gonna make any sense! Oh, this is horrible, it’s just horrible. It’s horrible. Y'know what, I can handle it, handle’s my middle name. Actually it’s the ah, middle part of my first name. Guys, guys, guess who I am?! I was being Shelly Winters from The Poseidon Adventure. Oh come on man! At least let me finish this last one. Okay. No-no, why don’t you hang on to that one. Okay, that’s like the least fun game ever. Oh. Nope, that patch is no good. Or what my Father called Thursday night. Y'know, I would’ve bet good money that he’d be the first one of us to get married. Always illegal Joe. If that doesn’t keep kids in school, what will? Hi. Y'know, I forgot the combination to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any Chap Stick? Y'know what, pretty good. Good! I haven’t smoked yet today, I feel great, and-and-and confident, that is a stunning blouse. Thanks What check thing? Pete Becker. Pete Is this him? Who’s he huggin’? This guy invented Moss 865! Every office in the world uses that program! There you go!! What? Oh my God! Okay, okay, just because he buys you dinner, does not mean you owe him anything. Okay, then get the lobster! Mr. Millionaire, new from Snooty Playthings! Third wife sold separately. Life-sized Imperial Storm Troopers from Sharper Image? Wow!! Can Joey and I put them on and fight? Yeah, either that, or Gloria Estefan was right, eventually, the rhythm is going to get you. It’s possible. You are very loveable, I’d miss you if I broke up with you. I was just trying to be supportive. If I broke up with you, I’d miss you. And you’re our age. You’re our age. That’s not a state Joe. You’re our age! I can blow dry it. I can put gel on it. It doesn’t matter, I still wind up with this little cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head. It’s so annoying. Does it bug you? Is there any chance you didn’t see that? Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can’t just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You’re gonna get peep eye! You didn’t just break up. You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower! Okay. And the inventor of the door rests happily in his grave. Stop what?! No!! You can’t!! I am your friend, and I am not gonna let you do this!! You are surprisingly strong! Look man! Listen to me!! She’s moving on! Okay, if it’s not this guy, it’s gonna be somebody else! And unless you’re thinking about subletting my peep hole, you are going to have to get used to the fact that the relationship is over! Okay, man? It’s over. Okay. I know. I don’t think this town is big enough for both of us to relax in. Draw!! I wasn’t doing anything. Uh-oh, what did she do now? Ah, Sliced Bread, a wonderful Lady MacBeth. I think somebody has a crush on somebody. I’m talking about you. You big, big freak. Hey, you have nothing but talk about her for the last 48 hours! If you were in a school yard you’d be pulling her pigtails and pushing her down now! ‘Cause it’s-it’s not his last name. No, it’s not like, like Phil Spiderman. He’s a spider, man. Y'know like ah, like Goldman is a last name, but there’s no Gold Man. So, ahh, what kind of powers would Gold Man have? What about things that are already gold? Okay, let’s play my game now. Wait a minute, wait. You’re telling me this actress person is the only woman you ever wanted who didn’t want you back?! My Grandmother used to say that exact same thing to me. Hey. Oh, that’s-that’s okay, no problem. Yes, I realise that. That’s the stuff! Thanks, it’s ah, Gaelic, for ‘Thy turkey’s done.’ So ah, I’m gonna go, nice, nice meeting you. Hello. And is this in case the house sneezes? Oh, I'm glad you guys are past that little awkward phase. Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin’ out the Chan-Chan man! Yeah, she seemed cool, attractive. I’ll do it. Hey, my Father’s house does that! Well, the movie was great, dinner was great, and there’s nothing like a cool, crisp New York evening. Of course, I didn’t get to enjoy any of that, because Joanna’s such a big, dull dud! I’m telling ya, Joanna’s got it all wrong. Okay? All I said was, ‘This was fun. Let’s do it again sometime. I’ll give you a call.’ That’s what you say at the end of a date. To her face? Look it’s the end of the date, I’m standing there, I know all she’s waiting for is for me to say ‘I’ll call her’ and it’s just y'know, comes out. I can’t help it, it’s a compulsion. Multiple, so many paper cuts. Oh, well give me the phone then. Look, you can’t call somebody after this long just to say, ‘In case you didn’t notice, I don’t like you!’ Nooo!! She’s really dull! And she gets this gross mascara goop thing in the corner of her eye! All right! Fine! But it’s just a lunch date, no more than an hour! And from now on I get my own dates, I don’t want you setting me up with anybody ever again! That’s just a lot of big talk, y'know. It’s not a big deal. It’s, just it’s right here, and it’s all the time. Yes, this, this was pleasant. The food there was, was great. So take care. Well, this was great. I’ll give you a call. We should do it again sometime. Noo! Look, I’m sorry. Okay? I’m weak, and pathetic, and sorry. Ahhhh--I’m not going to call you. I’m sorry. I’m-I’m-I’m sorry that I said I was going to when I’m not. Look, this has nothing to do with you, y'know? And this isn’t Rachel’s fault. It’s me. I have serious, serious problems when it comes to women. I have issues with commitment, intimacy, mascara goop. And I’m really sorry, it’s just that this is not, this isn’t going to work out. Yeah, o-okay. Well this is great! I’ll give you a call! We should do it again sometime! Hey. Oh, so that’s why the priest threw holy water on me. Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate. Hey. No way! Oh my God! Who’s gonna watch that?! Yeah. Thanks. So um, after you put the suggestion in the box, how long did it take for the roller skating thing to happen. Okay, so I guess that’s about ah, two weeks before the topless thing kicks in. Hey! Okay. It’s a chicken. Fowl? No. Women? Nooo. Easy Lenny. Okay, but this is the last time. With a chick-chick here, and a chick-chick there. Here a chick, there a chick, everywhere a chick-chick--chickeeeen. Hey. She? I don’t know. I can’t tell, what ever it was went back in too quickly. Excuse me? I stayed home from work today while you were at rehearsal so somebody could be here with our chick! You don’t think I get up when you get up? Yes, here it comes! I’m stuck here all day, and then you come in and spend two seconds with us and then expect to go off gallivanting with your friends? Well I don’t think so mister! And you don’t think taking care of our chick is work? I know what you meant!! You notice that ever since we got this chick, we’ve been fighting a lot more than we used too? I’ll take her back tomorrow. Hey! Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?! I know. See, yes. That’s Yasmine Bleeth, she’s a completely different kind of chick. I love you both. But in very different ways. Hey! I did! But the store wouldn’t take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out? If they can’t find a home for her, they kill her! And I’m not gonna let that happen to little Yasmine! Okay. And it’s not just chicks y'know? It’s all kinds of other animals! Thanks, I’m glad you see it that way. Ohhh-hoo, funny story! Okay! Now you stay out here, and you think about what you did!! That’s a bad duck!!! How’d the thing go tonight, Ross? Okay, now when you come back I hope you remember that, that chick is not a toy! What did you do? Having a swim. Chicks don’t swim. I don’t know. Should we try it? See, I told you they don’t swim. Noo! Oh, it’s okay, it’s okay, baby, baby, baby. Ye-e-es!! Who’s number two? One of the more difficult games sewer workers play. Bye! Yeah, and I don’t have any cologne. Oh! Worm medicine for the duck. Hey! Can you take a duck and a chick to the theatre? Okay. I just wanted them to hear it from somebody else. There he is! Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw. I know. So that’s the girl you like. Wait a minute, wait a minute, you don’t like the guy Rachel’s dating? Well, that’s odd. Could I borrow it? Oh-ho-ho-ho. 7:15. Watch doesn’t work. Yeah, and at the end of the play, he, he got up y'know, and he just started like, banging his hands together! Ross, don’t. Ross! Ohh, that’s a good one. Why don’t you use ours across the hall, ‘cause she,has, problems. Step away from the duck. And yet, she’s still not hanging up the phone. Or... Dick. Was it like a sneeze only better? No!! Whoa-heeeiiiiii-iiiii-ah!! Huh. No, it's... fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a... Okay, well, it's definite, two more weeks of winter. Hey! Well, y'know if Joey and I played with matches we could get you up to an even hundred. You're right, I know. Okay, how'd it go at the doctor's? Y'know what? You should go to my guy, because when I went in there with my third nipple. He just lopped it right off. Y'know? So I guess I'm lucky. I mean not as lucky as people who were born with two nipples. Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean. Well sensitive is important, pick him. I-kea! This is comfortable. So, what do you thing the good news is? Yes, but this is Pete. Okay? He’s not like other people, on your first date he took you to Rome. For most guys that’s like a third or fourth date kinda thing. Oh, so you’re going with the teacher, huh? Everything’s gonna be all right. Okay, Dick? Do you think that there’s a town in Missouri or some place called Sample? And ah, as you’re driving into town there’s-there’s like a sign, and it says "You’re in Sample." Yeah, it’s two guys in a ring, and the rules are: "They’re are no rules." Yes, but there’s two in martini, so everybody back to my office. Oh it’s Bing, sir. I’m sorry , I was just ah... All right buddy, way to go! Thank you! Today, my boss keep slapping my butt and he was acting like it was no big deal. Well, I didn’t do anything. I didn’t want to be the guy who has a problem with his boss slapping his bottom. Yeah, I know, for a really great stew you just y'know, stick your head in between ‘em. What if Joey were president? What is with him? Well, that’s not true, he-he smacked you once. No sir. Hey! Which one’s my turkey burger? Nine times! Okay, I had to put on lotion! But, it’s gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I’m conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free. Excuse me, Doug? Hey there sports fan!! No, I ah, I didn’t do them. No, no I just ah, didn’t do them. Instead, I ah, hung out with a couple of friends and had a couple of beers so I certainly don’t deserve any praise, verbal or otherwise. Doug!! I’m a little bit uncomfortable with the that way you express yourself. No, no. It-it’s not about the swearing, it’s more about ah, the way, that you ah, occasionally, concentrate, your enthusiasm on my buttock. Oh, and don’t get me wrong, I appreciate the sentiment. It’s just that I, I have a rather, sensitive posterior, and ah, besides, it’s making all the other guys jealous. Okay. Ahhhhh! Thank you, sir. No. No, not at all, that’s-that’s ridiculous. Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do! Run! Run you crazy, rich freak! So ah, your first sexual experience was with a woman?! Tell it again. Seriously. Me and Frank and Phoebe, Graduation 1965. You're not gonna die an old maid, maybe an old spinster cook. Hey now besides, if worst comes to worst, I'll be your boyfriend. Why is that so funny? Ha-ha-ha. A little to hard. What am I not ah, boyfriend material? Okay, so we've established my name, and hit me. But theoretically y'know, I mean say we weren't friends, say it's a blind date. I show up at your door, and I'm like "Hey, nice to meet, ya. Hey, oh-hey." Hey! What a minute, I know that hat! I was taken aboard that hat! They did experiments on me! I can't have children!! Buy it for ya, or win it for ya? Big bullies!! Hey! Bored and bored! Yes! Okay, umm, we all have to play strip poker. So, you still don't think I'm boyfriend material? I saw you checking me out during the game last night. Yeah, well, lucky for you. I don't know. Oh, yeah, I don't know what they were doing, but at one point sea turtles actually came up to the house. Where ya going? Noo!! I don't care! I'm not, I'm not gonna playing one-on-one strip poker with you for practice! Okay, then you gotta back away, all right? You don't need that kind've hurt. Take it from a guy who's never had a long term relationship...... Ahhhh! Oh, ahh, no thanks, I just had an M&amp;M. There is not one hair on that head. Hi there. Okay! Okay! Let me try it again, you're gonna wanna date this next guy, I swear! Hi! I'm Dorf! You're date for the evening. Oh come on! Dorf on dating, that's good stuff!! 