Good morning everyone, it's nice to see our team together for the first time. Now, before we get started, are there any questions? Yes, Ken is it? Well, don't believe everything you hear, Ken. But yeah, that's true. Alright, let's get started by taking a look at last quarter's figures. Ah, Claudia, aren't you supposed to blow smoke up the bosses' ass? No, no, no-no-no. I smoked for years, then I quit. Right now, I can't remember why. You're not allowed to smoke in this office. Not right? Alright, look. I don't smoke anymore. But if the rest of you want to light up, go ahead, it's fine. So you all smoke then? That's almost rude, that I'm not. Ken, please! No, I can't, I can't smoke. If I smoke, my wife would kill me. I always liked you, Ken. Actually, in Oklahoma smoking is legal in all common areas and offices with fewer than fifteen people. No! I just happen to know a lot of trivia about smoking in different states. For example, in Hawaii cigarettes are called leihalalokos. Ah, do you think, Monica's gonna be able smell it? Pheebs? Okay, something to cover the smell ... Oven cleaner! Unscented! No thanks, I'm good. Right. You know what? Actually I just got off the plane, so I'm feeling kinda gross. Maybe I should just take a shower. Alright, the truth is, I soiled myself during some turbulences. Yes, but I just had one. Two. Two tiny cigarettes. Okay, five. A pack. Two packs...a...a carton. Three big fat cartons in two days. But it's over, I made a decision, I'm not gonna smoke anymore. But, those are for you. I messed up, it was a meeting, everybody was smoking. Will power? I've watched home movies of you eating ding-dongs without taking the tinfoil off. OK, look: Can we just drop this? I'm not gonna smoke again. You forbid me? You know, I flew a long way t see my loving wife...is she here, by the way? Oh, would you say this was the most upset you could be? Then, I might as well do this Not really sure what to do now. Fine. What?!? You're serious? Right, fine, I'll do it, but no talking. And no kissing your neck. And lots of kissing your neck! Look, I can't do this. I can't make love to you while we're fighting this way. That was a celebration of life! Alright, look, I'm not gonna do this. Alright, is this really the way you want our baby to be conceived? You mean it? You are incredible. I'm not gonna smoke again. And if I do, I promise, I will hide it so much better from you. Yeah, let's celebrate life! Uhh. You are welcome. What? But you said you forgave me. It was just a couple of cigarettes, no big deal. I can't believe it. You tricked me to get me into bed? I feel so used. I would never lie to get someone into bed. I suppose that Monica will have the ... manipulative shrew. You mean the willie story? Oh yeah, that's what she says. But maybe you're not ovulating at all, maybe it's just a clever ruse to get me into bed. You not gonna believe this: She lied! She tricked me into having sex with her. What's the matter with me? Why I'm such a girl? So you never had sex with a Kennedy, have you? Hello? Hello? Honey, you're screaming. Oh, that's great. Awesome. Funniest guy she's ever met! I'm funny, right...? What do you know, you're a door... You just like knock-knock jokes... Save it for inside! Hey! So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in any other state. And what's with Oklahoma having a pan handle? Can all states have stuff like that? Hey yeah, I'm from the waistband, Wyoming. But when I was seven, we headed over to the crotch. And don't get me started on the way that people from Tulsa talk. What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowed to do that, because if so, I say why stop there? You know, your new poodle could be your noodle. And fried chicken? Could be fricken.Waiter, waiter excuse me, I'll have the fricken? See, that's... that's funny with the fricken, right? Yeah, he came up... Were you there? Hey! I need you to set me up for a joke. Later, when Monica is around, I need you to ask me about fire trucks. Well, thank God your livelihood doesn't depend on it. Monica says that her Maitre D. is the funniest guy she's ever met. Yes! Am I crazy to be this upset? Yeah! Ye.... Hey! What are you guys talking about? You got a man who's a nanny...? You got a manny...? You know, I don't mind a... male nanny, but I do draw the line at a male wetnurse. If I'd known you guys were coming over, I would have brought more pizza. What is so funny about that? Did you tell her what we talked about? So those were pity laughs? PITY LAUGHS? Oh yeah? Is he funnier than me? I do limericks... uhm... There once was a man named Chandler, whose wife made him die inside. Well, I'm off to Tulsa, so if your Maitre D. friend has any funny Oklahoma jokes, tell him to e-mail me at www.hahanotsomuch.com. Really...? See... that's the thing: you gotta keep it smart, people! I love you too. And... I like you as a friend. See ya! Hi! How come? Do you have any ideas? Oh, and you know whose knowledge of her Oh, well... Maybe I'll join them some time. I just hope the club So how come Richard's selling the place? Went bankrupt? Medical mmm That's enough about you! No, no, no, no, no, NO! No, no... we're not together. We're not a We're not gonna have this conversation again... Look at this (Chandler looks around the place and his eye gets caught by There's a tape here with Monica's name on it. Get there faster! I'm not gonna watch it... I don't NEED to watch it... I mean, what Don't judge me, I'm only human! I had to! Okay, imagine you were married... and you found a tape Some girl...!? Yeah...!? Allright, I'm gonna watch it... I mean look, it's probably not Then you're gonna have to watch it for me. Just for a few seconds, so I can know what it is... Please? Why am I hearing cheering? Football? Just football? It's football... It's just football... This is great! This is the Whoho ho... Listen to the judgement from the porn star! Because that's who I am, okay? I'm sure a mature man like Richard This is about you and Richard. He's clearly not over you. He keeps Oh, yeah, well, poor Richard. Y'... I can grow a moustache! Yeah, oh, but I just keep picturing you rolling around with him Oh, good, good. Play more, 'cause I wanna see how it ends. What...? That's not you! Life is good again! Ride 'em cowgirl! Is that a problem? Yeah. Hey, here's an idea, why don't we use our wedding china Honey, she keeps canceling on us, take the hint. What is the point of having them if we never use them? I will explain it to her. Say goodbye elves, I'm off to Tulsa. Yeah, we have all this paperwork that needs to be filed by So, who does? I'm sorry I won't be here. Thanks. I'll see you new year's day. Did I not mention that?  All right everybody, I know that it's Christmas eve and you'd Hey. Where've you been? You hear that? You may not be with your familys, Y'know what, I know what will cheer you guys up! (he starts Well, that's like money in your pocket! - Alright look, you want I'm sorry. Hey, at least you guys get to go home and be with Haha, no thanks! Oh, thanks! I'm... actually thinking about becoming a Typical Christmas-y stuff, you know? Our holidays are pretty I can save you time ladies, I'm right here. What? That's terrible! Oh well, that, that makes it not terrible. No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents! No, you don't have to, and you can't because I, I live here too. Why? No, I have a great idea for a present for her. If I help, we can find 'em faster! OK, Pheebs, your turn. And, a lemon lime. And last but not least. Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas! Hey! Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing What? You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Why? But I didn't get to shake my belly like a bowl full of jelly. Fine, I'll give the suit back. Santa? Really? Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa? Then it's okaaay! You know what, everybody? Go home. You should be with your Good, God's speed, good people! (he starts to close the door, Ah. Thanks. Ah. Chandler Bing. Hey! I've got nowhere to go this morning. I'm unemployed! I don't know what I'm gonna do with my life. I mean, what am I supposed to do with myself? But it's all so overwhelming. I don't know where to start. Hey! This is where your hyper-organized-pain-in-the-ass stuff pays off! How long was I in there? Wait. Advertising! That's a great idea! I don't think I have to hear the rest. Advertising makes perfect sense. Sorry you had to waste all this time, though. I mean, I can write slogans. I mean, how hard can it be, right? "Cheese. It's milk that you chew." "Crackers. Because your cheese needs a buddy." "A grape. Because who can get a water melon in your mouth?" Honey? Leave it to the pros. "The phone. Bringing you closer to people...who have phones." No, no. But let me show you what I can do. "Bagels and donuts. Round food for every mood." Really? That's great! It's funny. When you said "unpaid" it sounded like you said "unpaid." Actually, we're trying, and I don't think Monica's gonna wanna postpone it. We're supposed to have sex tonight. Actually, she's probably at home naked right now. I tend to keep talking until somebody stops me. I can just picture her on the bed right now. Whatever I decide to do, I'm gonna be starting a career from scratch. It's gonna be a while before I make a living at it. Maybe now is not the right time to be starting a family. Yeah. Yeah, Ross is here so... Hey. Oh, yeah. But you have to give it back if I get a job. Of course, by that time in the future ties will be obsolete and we'll all be wearing silver jump suits. Oh god, I have to tell you something. You're not pregnant. That thing that I have to do to make a baby. I faked it. Oh yes you can. You just make the faces and the noises. That's actually why. Look, I'm starting a whole new career now, and I'm not saying that I don't want to have a baby, I'm just saying maybe we could wait a little while. Or a year? It could be less than a year. I mean, you've heard my stuff. "Pants. Like shorts, but longer." It'll probably be more than a year. Yeah, me too. Look, I'll just get my old job back. I quit and you learn what I do? I guess. It's always gonna be scary when we have a baby. Should we go make a baby right now before you change your mind? Oh, and I promise, I will not fake it this time. Hey Oh, she's at home, putting up decorations for Rachel's birthday party tonight. I tried, but apparantly singing "I will survive" in a helium voice - not helping. Yes, Bravo on the hot nanny. Are you kidding? If I wasn't married she'd be rejecting me right now. Now that Rachel's gone? I wasn't staring. I was leering. Looks like Joey is doing allright with her. Seriously dude, 3 years ago. You don't trust him? Is this really your long term plan, for me to run interference? Because I could get a job any day now. Allright, fine, but don't blame me if it doesn't work. Because you know as well as I do that once Joey sets his mind on something, more often than not, he's going to have sex with it. Picturing that tree? Where you going, Joe? Oh. You mind if I join you? Your thoughts? Plural? I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Joe. Yes, as a matter of fact he did, so I can't let you go. Great novels? I'm sorry, I got a little occupied. Right behind you, big guy! Hey! Sure! Just give me a second to get all huffy and weird like you! Do you believe that who ever No! Our balcony? Seriously? That's so funny because I told Monica we should put lights on our balcony. And she said So are you gonna...talk to her? You know when "That's fine" sounds true when someone yells it and spits! No no no. Good. So you're moving on? Do you have any idea where you're moving? Dude, don't rub my face in your crazy single life! Why did I get married?! Hey it's the most eligible man in NY. How's the moving on going? Well maybe you're going about this the wrong way. You know I mean think about it. Single white male, divorced three times, What are doing? You know I can only dish it out! Maybe she didn't move on, you know...maybe that kiss was just an impulsive one-time birthday thing Did she go out with him? Ah! The high road... Are you trying to get everybody divorced? I thought I had to make the jokes! Oh come on! Hello! Hi! My name is Chandler, here's my friend Ross right here, and we were wondering you know if you're up for it. We still got it! I don't get it neither, I mean you're obviously desperate, you're asking women how they want to be killed By drowning or...?! Well... Wow, it seems serious. What seems to be the problem, Ashley Judd? I am sorry, moment to make fun of that, please! It’s like a baby caterpillar chasing its mama! Ok. First of all, this is green! All right, I will help you out but you have to promise me you will not tell anyone what I am about to tell you. Ok, you know how most kids get their allowance from mowing the lawn or taking out the garbage, well I earned mine Yeah, well, I guess you don’t need my help Victor Victoria! Oh, not with my combination of ice cubes, aloe Vera and my gentle self-loathing touch. And done! Thanks. You wanna see what it looks like? Yeah, yeah, I think it looks pretty good. I was a little worried I was uncovering a birthmark right about No problem. Yeah. I am sorry I am late. You’ll understand when you’ll see Joey. Really? In front of all this people? Oh my God! Are those my wife’s nipples? I gotta stop this. You, touching yourself, out! “Jeremiah was a bullfrog. Was a good friend of mine, never understood a single word he said, but I helped him See, now, why would you assume that? Just because we're married? I will have you know that we are very hip, happening people. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to get back to reading the obituaries. Wow. Well, I think it's great that you're going on a date, you know? I mean, it sounds healthy. I mean, you have needs. Embrace your womanhood! Emma? Emma? Look at me! Well, I think I'll go downstairs for a while. No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! It's okay, it's okay. I didn't go. Don't cry, it's just a bit! I'm your uncle Chandler; funny is all I have! I don't do that. I'll try to stop. Wait, did you say until the sixth? Today is the sixth. Yes, it's also 2003. It's okay. Go take the test and see if we're okay. Tough crib. I might have checked to see if I was ovulating a couple times. I am not working. There's not much to do around here! Oh, good, because as of four o'clock this afternoon, I am not. I - I don't think I can. Because of Emma. Sorry. Well, she's aware when we leave the room. She may notice if we start... canoodling in it. Well, I can't say "hump" or "screw" in front of the B-A-B-Y. Horrifying? Scarring? Something people go to jail for? You guess I'm right? When we stayed at that bed and breakfast, you wouldn't have sex with me because you thought a deer was staring through the window. Emma was doing it! Ooh, she's asleep, that means we can... I think we may have really done it this time. You may wanna get some more of those too. Where's Emma? Don't ask me, I was in there canoodling you! Okay. All right, all right, we were. We were trying to make a baby. Monica's ovulating. No, no, no. What? Why? Your family name is Tribbiani. Guys, guys, I've got great news! Guess what… Thank you. I got a job in advertising. Actually, it pays nothing. It's an internship. Right. So, it'll be the same except… less sex with you. Well, it's a training program, but at the end, they hire the people they like. Yeah, I mean, there's probably gonna be some ground work which will probably stink, you know, grown man getting people coffee is a little humiliating Humiliating and noble! Good morning, everybody. Oh, no, no, I'm an intern, just like you guys… except for the tie, the briefcase… and the fact that I can rent a car. Yeah, well, I'm kinda heading into a new career direction and, you know, you gotta start at the bottom. Right. Look, I know I'm a little bit older than you guys, but it's not like I'm Bob Hope The comedian? USO?! Honey, I'm old! I am so much older than these other interns. I can't compete with them. Yes, but I don't think life experience with these. They're these prototype sneakers and come up with ideas on how to sell them which I can't do because no self-respecting adult would ever where these. What am I supposed to do with these? Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "skids" and I think I heard somebody say "slorps". And here, look: they've got these wheels to pop out from the bottom so you can roll around 'cause, apparently, walking is too much exercise. Kids, kids, roll your way to childhood obesity! Would you help me try to sell these? No, I don't think that's the kinda thing they're looking for. Hey! Putting on the sneakers… thought I'd get into a younger mindset, you know, to see if it sparked anything… Yes, how's this: They're so uncomfortable it's like getting kicked in the nuts for your feet! You know what… these aren't half-bad! You should suggest something like these to Ralph Lauren. Alright I feel youger already! Yah, I think I broke my hip. Okay… You start on the image of a guy putting on the shoes. He's about my age… A-huh. So he's rolling down the street and he starts to lose control, you know… maybe he falls… maybe hurts himself. Just then, a kid comes flying by wearing the shoes. He jumps over the old guy and laughs, and the line reads: "Not suitable for adults!" Oh, thank you, sir… or man-who's-two-years-younger-than-me I don't know, I don' I don' know! I was just trying to get into a young mindset, you know, and it just started to flow. The cold weather hurts my hip! Did you see our bank statement? Can this be right? I'm not sure what they did, but I'm inclined to blame Enron. Maybe I should quit and get a job that pays. You know what? You know what? I think we're making too big a deal out of this. ok? So we pay our bills a little late this month and maybe next month we cut back on a few things. And maybe we start eating out of Joey's refrigerator for a change. You're chef... what can you make out of backing soda and beer? No! We're not borrowing money. Because we don't do that. We are Bings! And if there's one thing my father taught me was... well to always knock before going into the pool house... but the other thing was never borrow money. That's right! I do! And I'm your man. And I'm going to get us through this situation even if it means you working twice as hard. Yeah.... she's not so cute. Yes dear. Hey Joe! Listen er..I need to ask you a favor but you can't tell Monica anything about it. And that would have made the official party line. Monica and I are having a little financial trouble. What? What do you mean you know? Oh! Right. Anyway, err... I need to borrow some money. Yes! Two thousand dollars exactly! How do you know that! Oh ok. I can't believe her! Did she tell you we were having money problems? What? What would she get for herself for two thousand dollars that she wouldn't tell me about? Hey Rach! There she is...My perfectly proportioned wife. Oh no..don't thank me. Thank you. You know there's not one thing I would change about you? Not one single thing! And definitely not... two... single things. No no! I just love the way you look, I am warm, for your form. Well yes yes... You look nice can mean that your face looks nice. I want to compliment your body. I mean..I wouldn't change it. At all. And more specifically, I wouldn't want anything to get any bigger. I mean, You wouldn't want any part of me to get any bigger would you? Don't answer that. Hey Rach! Ah........ Perfection. Wouldn't change a thing. Not a thing. Yeah? But honey you don't have to. Honey I... I love your breasts the way they are! your ass?!?!? They...do that? God why why would you want to do that to yourself!? Alright look, if it means that much to you, a may be able to get on more with the big boobs. But the giant ass and the big clown feet? What? Well! We er..climbed up four flights of stairs, manueveored a narrow hallway, dodged a rabid pitbul... but these last three feet are where it gets really tricky. Aaaaand....... hernia. Ah, look on the bright side, I mean you won't have to live with this ugly chair! That was here already huh? I love you. Hey! Ready to go? What are you doin'? Great, a faster way to tell people that I'm unemployed and childless . The tall girl who wouldn't sleep with you? Bet she'd sleep with you now... Let me see what you wrote about yourself: "Doctor Paleontology, two kids... " You split with Carol because you have different interests?... I think you split with Carol because you've one very similar interest! Maybe we finish this for him! "Also I cloned a dinosaur in my lab. She's now my girlfriend. I don't care what society says. It's the best sex I've ever had"... aaand SEND! Oh, I'm so sorry! You're not gonna need my help? Oh good, 'cause I've already thought of 3... 4! I've just thought of a fourth I believe I read that somewhere! I respectfully disagree. Who cares? Nobody reads those things I don't have a page. Because I told everyone he slept with dinosaurs. Would you get that please? People have been calling to congratulate me all day. Hang up, hang up. And that was a great movie! I'm so gonna get back at Ross... oh yeah, this will show him, here we go . Oh, you'll see my friend. And so young. Well, how you died was funny. It kills over one americans every year. You wanna talk about people's feelings? You should have heard how hurt professor Stern was yesterday when I told him I wouldn't be able to go with him to Key West! Hey, Ross, I just wanted to apologize... ..don't tell me you actually made those gay pictures of me? Huh! So that's what I would look like if I worked out... and was being serviced by a policeman. You're not actually going to send these out are ya? No, come on, you know that's not true. Well, the gay community is a lot more vocal than the dead community. Alright look, let's think about this, ok, do you really think that people are gonna stir up your family at this tragic time? That people are gonna post condolences on a website? This is not about people not caring that you're dead .This is about people not having a decent outlet for their grief. Right, I mean, come on, I'm sure that if you had a funeral or a memorial service, tons of people would come. Ross, what're you... what're you... what are you doing? You're having a memorial service for yourself!? Ross, don't press send, don't press se... ! There you go! Someone came! Please, come in. Oh yes, yes... let me... take your coat. At least he died doing what he loved... watching blimps Some guy, Tom Gordon. Ok Tommy, that's enough mourning for you! Here we go, bye bye!! Ok! Please, one ridiculous problem at a time! You gave them one day's notice, not everyone in our class checks the web site everyday and Monica... it's probably the way you stand! Oh, that's not true. You had an impact on me, I mean, it's 15 years later and we're still best friends. Doesn't that count for something? I'm sure it's somebody for you. Now, go hide. Kori? Kori Weston? Wow! You look amazing! Chandler, Chandler Bing. I'm not gay, I'm not gay at all. Don't listen to him, he's in a really bad mood! I didn't know Ross and you were so close. I'm sure that would mean a lot to him. And if heaven has a door, I'm sure he's pressing his ear up against it and listening intently. Yeah, because if I was at my old job we'd say 300 million? No thank you! Still on Amelia Earhart? Yes but there's six of us so we'd only have to get struck by lightning 7 times. I'll ask. Boohaki? Kinda like Joey. Pie eating contest? No, I saw a picture of you covered in blueberries. Don't touch the phone! I'll get it, I'll get it, I'll get it!! Hello? Hey Charlie, what do you know? Damnit. Alright call me when you know more. One of the slots got filled. Sense the tone! No that kid Nate got it. Yeah I know. Yeah...I mean I want this so much! I mean, I wanna get one, I want my friend Charlie to get one...Except I don't care about Charlie. I can see the headline now: "Lottery winners' friend filled with regret eats own arm". Well you wouldn't, but we own the paper, we can print whatever we want. Ok, so now that you're in, what are you gonna do if we win? Ooh! Calm down ... You know, I'm not sure a sports team is the way to go. You're right, it has been you dream for over 15 seconds. I'll take this one too Uh ... Mommy? Hello? Hello? Oh, hey Charlie. Did anybody else hear? ... What? Susan got it?? How? Oh man, I would have slept with him!! .. Alright, bye. Well no, Charlie's gonna get that. He's the boss's son. What about the ones you have on the nightstand? Yes there are, I just saw them a few minutes ago. Honey, there are like 20 tickets on the nightstand! She's right, you shouldn't have bought tickets just for us ... Let me finish ... however, it doesn't look like I'm gonna get this job so I can't afford to have principles, so screw you, the tickets are ours!! Oh, yeah! Thanks for inventing the lottery! Can I come a little bit closer, valuable things are getting squished... Hey, there's two messages. These could be from work! Ok, here we go! This is..shhh! Oh, is she related to Ralph Lauren? Yeah, you know, I really thought I deserved it. But... let's go win the lottery... I mean, we still have 130 chances to win, right? I got that! No. Ah, the "I'm sorry I rejected you" phone call. I'm not used to getting it from guys. Hey, Steve. Oh no no no no, I'd love to be somebody's assistant! Answering phones, getting coffee, I live for that stuff! And I'm not too mature... farts, boobies, butt cracks! Me, that guy who just said butt cracks? Ok well, thanks, you won't regret it. I'll see you tomorrow . What? Oh, yeah, I'm gonna be a junior copywriter. Does that mean I get the good loving tonight? Thanks, man. Really? What? Oh yeah? Listen, don't tell Monica, she'll rip your heart right out. Wow, you'd think we should get that over 20 years or go for the big payout. Me too. Have I got a surprise for you! Pack your bags! What? No, I'm taking Monica to a romantic inn in Vermont! So, what do you say? Can you get out of work? Are you really that busy? Oh, that's ok. I'll just try and reschedule. Hi, this is Chandler Bing. I made a reservation there and I need to change it. Oh, what do you mean it's not refundable? Can I just come some other time? Oh, can't you make an exception? Look, this is ridiculous! I'm not paying for that room! Ok? Oh, thank you very much! Yeah, I'm going to Vermont... I don't have travel insurance. Hi, Chandler Bing, I have a reservation. New York. I'm sorry, he's a little bit wound up, we had to stop at every maple candy stand on the way here. Well, that's impossible, can you check again, please? Let me get this straight. I called yesterday trying to cancel my reservation and I was told it was not refundable, then we drove six hours all the way up here and now you tell me that we don't have a reservation? Just give us the cheapest room you have. That's insane! Does that room have a closet I can lock him in? We'll take it. What! ? They are totally ripping us off! Great, at a hundred dollars an apple, we're there! Dude, you're shaking! USA Today And I also got... two more apples. I also got this great salt and pepper shaker from the restaurant. I think I know what you mean though... the lamp is the hotel's, but the bulbs ... oh, you already got that. Ok, how about this ? Yes, but the batteries... Thank you, thank you very much! No! Oh we did, and you still have all your lamps. Oh, I didn't factor in the room tax. What? Look, we have enough, just walk away. There's a forest right outside. Ok, go quick! I got you something from Vermont! Well, let me see... I-I believe I'm... yes, falling asleep in front of the TV. I could fall asleep at a play. Uh, let's see, who do I hate? Hey! Yes, but, Ross you chose a career of talking about dinosaurs. No, I think we're just blurry shapes to him now. Where the hell is everybody? oh yes, God yes!! I... I don't know... you seem lovely. So, how did you enjoy the play? Well you should be. You missed the most powerful three hours in the history of the theater. Oh yeah! I mean at first I hated it, but why wouldn't I, because as a man I've been trained not to listen! But after chapter 16: "fat, single and ready to mingle", I was uplifted. Oh yeah, I had no idea the amazing journey you go through as a woman! Tell me, tell me about your first period! Did somebody sign your bra? Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and I wanted to share it with you. Can't believe you guys bought that, enjoy your slow death . Wow! Fortunately she has a very pretty face! Oh, I can't believe my sperm have low motility because, let me tell you, when I was growing up they sure seem to be in a hurry to get places!! Hi. Oh, DAMN IT! Is that a hint? Because we love you Doctor Connelly but we don't think we'd want you to be our child! Wow, talking about an inhospitable environment! Hey guys! I think I can safely say that we all have family issues, work stuff and/or are sick. But you come first! Ok. Not as much fun as last time. Apparently you only get porn if you're giving a sperm sample. Well... there's surrogacy, but Monica has dreamt her whole life of carrying a child, she has felt that watching a surrogate would be... too hard for her. Yeah. Aside from adoption the only other choice is insemination, so... we're talking about sperm donors. ah-ha! I wish there was an easier way for us to have a child but I don't think there is one. Hey! Look I brought a friend for dinner, this is Zack, from work! You guys haven't actually met before, but, boy! You're both polite! Go to have a seat Zack, and I'll get you a beer. So, Zack's pretty nice, uh? So, how would you like to have a baby that's half yours and half his! Well, we're talking about sperm donors and Zack may be the guy! I mean, look, he's intelligent, he's healthy, he's athletic, I mean, he is "spermtastic"! No, I invited him to dinner so you could get a chance to get to know him! I mean, if we go through a sperm bank you never meet the guy, get to check him out. I'm telling you, he's great! I mean, even if my sperm worked fine, I'd think he'd be the way to go! Ok! Zack! So what do you think? I want that guys genes for my kid! Those eyes, those cheeckbones! You don't like him. Alright! Just follow my lead! Oh! Thanks, I'm crazy about our place. Hey! speaking of crazy... do you have a history of mental illness in the family? That's really not the kind of thing we are looking for Zack. You know what's not funny? Male Pattern Baldness I noticed you were enjoying that Ravioli with a beautiful set of teeth. Did you have braces as a child? We're teeth people Zack! You sure you don't wanna stick around a little longer? Are you just tired now or are you always tired, 'cause that could be a sign of clinical depression. Ok. I think we've found our sperm! Yeah, you think so, well? Should I ask him? Why not, just because his great-grandmother was obese, our kids are gonna get that from you anyway! Yeah, he's better! Really? Are you sure? Thank God, because I don't wanna do this either. You know, I was just doing because I thought that was what you wanted to do. You know, I'm the husband, I'm supposed to... bring the sperm. So you know this leaves us with... How do you feel about that? Me too. I wanna find a baby that needs a home and I wanna raise it with you. And I wanna mess it up in our own specific way. Yeah. We are gonna be great parents. Wait, if we're lucky, and we're really really really quiet, we may be able to hear the sound of a condom breaking! Hey, Zack! Look, I just wanted to apologize for last night. I got the feeling we made you a little uncomfortable. Really? My wife and I have some boundary issues, you know, sometimes we ask inappropriate questions. We're working on it. You wouldn't know if Jeanette's planning on keeping her baby, would ya? Yeah Ross, I mean... we're excited to hear the speech but the rest of the time we're gonna wanna do, you know, "island's stuff". Yeah, that's the same as "it has something to do with wind". She does? I wouldn't read too much into it. David, let me stop you there 'cause I think I see where this is going. I'm not very good at giving advice. So if you want advice, go to Ross, Monica, or... Joey, if the thing you wanna advice about is pizza toppings or burning sensation when you pee. Seriously, we're gonna do this? Oh, because his penis was too big. Oh, I'm sorry, that's the kind of thing I do. They broke up because Mike didn't want to get married. Hey, what if you just let Phoebe know you'd be open to marriage? What? I didn't mean now... Well, you're welcome! Glad I could help. David, I'm pretending to read here!! I do! Want a hint? huh? "I do" "I do". David is going to propose to Phoebe. Be-cause, we were talking about ways that he could beat Mike and I told him that Phoebe wanted to get married. I did! A penis one! Look, just so I know, what was so wrong about what I said? Man, that's some bad advice! That's why our honeymoon photos look like me and Diana Ross! Tonight?! Isn't an engagement ring supposed to have a diamond? Oh, there it is! Nice! Monica, can I talk to you for a sec? David is going to propose to Phoebe tonight! That would be advice!! Oh, is it on the computer, cuz I'd love to give it a read...? What? May I? Oh, no, no, no dear God, no! Your computer, I don't know wha... everything's gone! It must be a virus. I think it erased your hard drive. Someone I don't know sent me an e-mail and I opened it. Well, it didn't say "This is a virus"!! Nude... ... pictures of Anna Kournikova. I'm so sorry. It's not gone! I mean, I'm sure you printed out a copy. You have a hard copy, right? Well, you must be pretty mad at yourself right now...! I just feel awful. Well, I tried Billy Jean King, but... you know, you and Monica have the same "I'm gonna kill you" look...? I can usually make it go away by kissing her... Oooh! I hope you're happy too, honey! Phoebe is going to say "yes"? That's, that's great! And there's not chance that will work? Oooooooh! Meddler! Meddler! This vacation sucks!! You know, it's very hard to take you seriously when you look like that. I think we have some time. Have you ever heard him talk? "Uh, Phoebe, uh, I would be honoured, uh..." Spit it out, David! I wouldn't brag too much about that thing, big guy. Oh, ain't this nice? It's so quiet, I could just lie here all day. I'm so glad we've got adjoining rooms! Hey! Remember when I had corneas? Ladies? Ross's speech is in 45 minutes. Not to mention the cold sores. Really? I don't think so! Because you know how competitive you get and well, I say it's cute, others disagree, and I'm lying! Oh, yeah? What happened when we played last time? And...? I'm not playing with you. She gets crazy! This scar is from Pictionary! Oh dear God, there's two of them! Did you know this about him? OK! Honey, try to focus the trash talk on him! Do you really find this attractive on him? I think this is the first time in our marriage that I've felt like the more attractive one. Okay-dokay, you've each won a game and I've lost what's felt like a year of my life. So everybody goes home a winner. Should I use my invisibility to fight crime or for evil? Ok, look! Enough is enough! Monica, that was also true an hour ago! I mean, please, look at you! Your hand is blistered, you can barely stand, your hair is inexplicable! Ok, you've already proven you are just as good as he is, now we've missed our dinner reservations, so now let's just go upstairs, order room service, take a shower and shave your head! But... What about the obsessive cleaning? You ok? No, you didn't. Because I'm gonna play for ya. Yes, I do. Now, I may not understand why you have to win so badly, but if it's important to you then it's important to me, because I love you. You're welcome, sweetheart. All right Mike, let's get this over with. Sudden death. Whoever wins this point, wins. And that's... how... it's done! I never sucked, I actually didn't want you to know how good I was! I don't know. That's why! 